---
page_title: "cloudflare_access_policies Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_access_policies (Data Source)




<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) UUID

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) The Account ID to use for this endpoint. Mutually exclusive with the Zone ID.
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `zone_id` (String) The Zone ID to use for this endpoint. Mutually exclusive with the Account ID.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `approval_groups` (Attributes List) Administrators who can approve a temporary authentication request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--approval_groups))
- `approval_required` (Boolean) Requires the user to request access from an administrator at the start of each session.
- `created_at` (String)
- `decision` (String) The action Access will take if a user matches this policy.
- `exclude` (Attributes List) Rules evaluated with a NOT logical operator. To match the policy, a user cannot meet any of the Exclude rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--exclude))
- `id` (String) The UUID of the policy
- `include` (Attributes List) Rules evaluated with an OR logical operator. A user needs to meet only one of the Include rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--include))
- `isolation_required` (Boolean) Require this application to be served in an isolated browser for users matching this policy. 'Client Web Isolation' must be on for the account in order to use this feature.
- `name` (String) The name of the Access policy.
- `purpose_justification_prompt` (String) A custom message that will appear on the purpose justification screen.
- `purpose_justification_required` (Boolean) Require users to enter a justification when they log in to the application.
- `require` (Attributes List) Rules evaluated with an AND logical operator. To match the policy, a user must meet all of the Require rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--require))
- `session_duration` (String) The amount of time that tokens issued for the application will be valid. Must be in the format `300ms` or `2h45m`. Valid time units are: ns, us (or µs), ms, s, m, h.
- `updated_at` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items--approval_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.approval_groups`

Read-Only:

- `approvals_needed` (Number) The number of approvals needed to obtain access.
- `email_addresses` (List of String) A list of emails that can approve the access request.
- `email_list_uuid` (String) The UUID of an re-usable email list.


<a id="nestedatt--items--exclude"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.exclude`

Read-Only:

- `any_valid_service_token` (String) An empty object which matches on all service tokens.
- `certificate` (String)
- `everyone` (String) An empty object which matches on all users.


<a id="nestedatt--items--include"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.include`

Read-Only:

- `any_valid_service_token` (String) An empty object which matches on all service tokens.
- `certificate` (String)
- `everyone` (String) An empty object which matches on all users.


<a id="nestedatt--items--require"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.require`

Read-Only:

- `any_valid_service_token` (String) An empty object which matches on all service tokens.
- `certificate` (String)
- `everyone` (String) An empty object which matches on all users.


