---
page_title: "cloudflare_access_rules Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_access_rules (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_access_rules" "example_access_rules" {
  account_id = "account_id"
  zone_id = "zone_id"
  configuration = {
    target = "ip"
    value = "198.51.100.4"
  }
  direction = "desc"
  mode = "challenge"
  notes = "my note"
  order = "mode"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) The Account ID to use for this endpoint. Mutually exclusive with the Zone ID.
- `configuration` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `direction` (String) The direction used to sort returned rules.
Available values: "asc", "desc".
- `match` (String) When set to `all`, all the search requirements must match. When set to `any`, only one of the search requirements has to match.
Available values: "any", "all".
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `mode` (String) The action to apply to a matched request.
Available values: "block", "challenge", "whitelist", "js_challenge", "managed_challenge".
- `notes` (String) The string to search for in the notes of existing IP Access rules.
Notes: For example, the string 'attack' would match IP Access rules with notes 'Attack 26/02' and 'Attack 27/02'. The search is case insensitive.
- `order` (String) The field used to sort returned rules.
Available values: "configuration.target", "configuration.value", "mode".
- `zone_id` (String) The Zone ID to use for this endpoint. Mutually exclusive with the Account ID.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Optional:

- `target` (String) The target to search in existing rules.
Available values: "ip", "ip_range", "asn", "country".
- `value` (String) The target value to search for in existing rules: an IP address, an IP address range, or a country code, depending on the provided `configuration.target`.
Notes: You can search for a single IPv4 address, an IP address range with a subnet of '/16' or '/24', or a two-letter ISO-3166-1 alpha-2 country code.


<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_modes` (List of String) The available actions that a rule can apply to a matched request.
- `configuration` (Attributes) The rule configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--configuration))
- `created_on` (String) The timestamp of when the rule was created.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the IP Access rule.
- `mode` (String) The action to apply to a matched request.
Available values: "block", "challenge", "whitelist", "js_challenge", "managed_challenge".
- `modified_on` (String) The timestamp of when the rule was last modified.
- `notes` (String) An informative summary of the rule, typically used as a reminder or explanation.
- `scope` (Attributes) All zones owned by the user will have the rule applied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--scope))

<a id="nestedatt--result--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.configuration`

Read-Only:

- `target` (String) The configuration target. You must set the target to `ip` when specifying an IP address in the rule.
Available values: "ip".
- `value` (String) The IP address to match. This address will be compared to the IP address of incoming requests.


<a id="nestedatt--result--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.scope`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String) The contact email address of the user.
- `id` (String) Identifier
- `type` (String) The scope of the rule.
Available values: "user", "organization".


