---
page_title: "cloudflare_account_subscription Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_account_subscription (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_account_subscription" "example_account_subscription" {
  account_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Identifier

### Read-Only

- `currency` (String) The monetary unit in which pricing information is displayed.
- `current_period_end` (String) The end of the current period and also when the next billing is due.
- `current_period_start` (String) When the current billing period started. May match initial_period_start if this is the first period.
- `frequency` (String) How often the subscription is renewed automatically.
- `id` (String) Subscription identifier tag.
- `price` (Number) The price of the subscription that will be billed, in US dollars.
- `rate_plan` (Attributes) The rate plan applied to the subscription. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_plan))
- `state` (String) The state that the subscription is in.

<a id="nestedatt--rate_plan"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_plan`

Read-Only:

- `currency` (String) The currency applied to the rate plan subscription.
- `externally_managed` (Boolean) Whether this rate plan is managed externally from Cloudflare.
- `id` (String) The ID of the rate plan.
- `is_contract` (Boolean) Whether a rate plan is enterprise-based (or newly adopted term contract).
- `public_name` (String) The full name of the rate plan.
- `scope` (String) The scope that this rate plan applies to.
- `sets` (List of String) The list of sets this rate plan applies to.


