---
page_title: "cloudflare_account_tokens Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_account_tokens (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_account_tokens" "example_account_tokens" {
  account_id = "eb78d65290b24279ba6f44721b3ea3c4"
  direction = "asc"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Account identifier tag.

### Optional

- `direction` (String) Direction to order results.
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `condition` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--condition))
- `expires_on` (String) The expiration time on or after which the JWT MUST NOT be accepted for processing.
- `id` (String) Token identifier tag.
- `issued_on` (String) The time on which the token was created.
- `last_used_on` (String) Last time the token was used.
- `modified_on` (String) Last time the token was modified.
- `name` (String) Token name.
- `not_before` (String) The time before which the token MUST NOT be accepted for processing.
- `policies` (Attributes List) List of access policies assigned to the token. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--policies))
- `status` (String) Status of the token.

<a id="nestedatt--result--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.condition`

Read-Only:

- `request_ip` (Attributes) Client IP restrictions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--condition--request_ip))

<a id="nestedatt--result--condition--request_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.condition.request_ip`

Read-Only:

- `in` (List of String) List of IPv4/IPv6 CIDR addresses.
- `not_in` (List of String) List of IPv4/IPv6 CIDR addresses.



<a id="nestedatt--result--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.policies`

Read-Only:

- `effect` (String) Allow or deny operations against the resources.
- `id` (String) Policy identifier.
- `permission_groups` (Attributes List) A set of permission groups that are specified to the policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--policies--permission_groups))
- `resources` (Attributes) A list of resource names that the policy applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--policies--resources))

<a id="nestedatt--result--policies--permission_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.policies.permission_groups`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier of the group.
- `meta` (Attributes) Attributes associated to the permission group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--policies--permission_groups--meta))
- `name` (String) Name of the group.

<a id="nestedatt--result--policies--permission_groups--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.policies.permission_groups.meta`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--result--policies--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.policies.resources`

Read-Only:

- `resource` (String)
- `scope` (String)


