---
page_title: "cloudflare_account_members Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_account_members (Data Source)




<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Account identifier tag.

### Optional

- `direction` (String) Direction to order results.
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `order` (String) Field to order results by.
- `status` (String) A member's status in the account.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Membership identifier tag.
- `policies` (Attributes List) Access policy for the membership (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--policies))
- `roles` (Attributes List) Roles assigned to this Member. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--roles))
- `status` (String) A member's status in the account.
- `user` (Attributes) Details of the user associated to the membership. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--user))

<a id="nestedatt--result--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.policies`

Read-Only:

- `access` (String) Allow or deny operations against the resources.
- `id` (String) Policy identifier.
- `permission_groups` (Attributes List) A set of permission groups that are specified to the policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--policies--permission_groups))
- `resource_groups` (Attributes List) A list of resource groups that the policy applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--policies--resource_groups))

<a id="nestedatt--result--policies--permission_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.policies.permission_groups`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier of the group.
- `meta` (Attributes) Attributes associated to the permission group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--policies--permission_groups--meta))
- `name` (String) Name of the group.

<a id="nestedatt--result--policies--permission_groups--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.policies.permission_groups.name`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--result--policies--resource_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.policies.resource_groups`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier of the group.
- `meta` (Attributes) Attributes associated to the resource group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--policies--resource_groups--meta))
- `name` (String) Name of the resource group.
- `scope` (Attributes List) The scope associated to the resource group (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--policies--resource_groups--scope))

<a id="nestedatt--result--policies--resource_groups--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.policies.resource_groups.scope`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--result--policies--resource_groups--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.policies.resource_groups.scope`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) This is a combination of pre-defined resource name and identifier (like Account ID etc.)
- `objects` (Attributes List) A list of scope objects for additional context. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--policies--resource_groups--scope--objects))

<a id="nestedatt--result--policies--resource_groups--scope--objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.policies.resource_groups.scope.objects`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) This is a combination of pre-defined resource name and identifier (like Zone ID etc.)





<a id="nestedatt--result--roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.roles`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of role's permissions.
- `id` (String) Role identifier tag.
- `name` (String) Role Name.
- `permissions` (List of String) Access permissions for this User.


<a id="nestedatt--result--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.user`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String) The contact email address of the user.
- `first_name` (String) User's first name
- `id` (String) Identifier
- `last_name` (String) User's last name
- `two_factor_authentication_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether two-factor authentication is enabled for the user account. Does not apply to API authentication.


