---
page_title: "cloudflare_address_map Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_address_map (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_address_map" "example_address_map" {
  account_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  address_map_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) Identifier
- `address_map_id` (String) Identifier
- `filter` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))

### Read-Only

- `can_delete` (Boolean) If set to false, then the Address Map cannot be deleted via API. This is true for Cloudflare-managed maps.
- `can_modify_ips` (Boolean) If set to false, then the IPs on the Address Map cannot be modified via the API. This is true for Cloudflare-managed maps.
- `created_at` (String)
- `default_sni` (String) If you have legacy TLS clients which do not send the TLS server name indicator, then you can specify one default SNI on the map. If Cloudflare receives a TLS handshake from a client without an SNI, it will respond with the default SNI on those IPs. The default SNI can be any valid zone or subdomain owned by the account.
- `description` (String) An optional description field which may be used to describe the types of IPs or zones on the map.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the Address Map is enabled or not. Cloudflare's DNS will not respond with IP addresses on an Address Map until the map is enabled.
- `id` (String) Identifier
- `ips` (Attributes List) The set of IPs on the Address Map. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ips))
- `memberships` (Attributes List) Zones and Accounts which will be assigned IPs on this Address Map. A zone membership will take priority over an account membership. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--memberships))
- `modified_at` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `account_id` (String) Identifier


<a id="nestedatt--ips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ips`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String)
- `ip` (String) An IPv4 or IPv6 address.


<a id="nestedatt--memberships"></a>
### Nested Schema for `memberships`

Read-Only:

- `can_delete` (Boolean) Controls whether the membership can be deleted via the API or not.
- `created_at` (String)
- `identifier` (String) The identifier for the membership (eg. a zone or account tag).
- `kind` (String) The type of the membership.


