---
page_title: "cloudflare_api_shield_discovery_operations Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_api_shield_discovery_operations (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_api_shield_discovery_operations" "example_api_shield_discovery_operations" {
  zone_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  diff = true
  direction = "asc"
  endpoint = "/api/v1"
  host = ["api.cloudflare.com"]
  method = ["GET"]
  order = "host"
  origin = "ML"
  state = "review"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `zone_id` (String) Identifier

### Optional

- `diff` (Boolean) When `true`, only return API Discovery results that are not saved into API Shield Endpoint Management
- `direction` (String) Direction to order results.
- `endpoint` (String) Filter results to only include endpoints containing this pattern.
- `host` (List of String) Filter results to only include the specified hosts.
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `method` (List of String) Filter results to only include the specified HTTP methods.
- `order` (String) Field to order by
- `origin` (String) Filter results to only include discovery results sourced from a particular discovery engine
  * `ML` - Discovered operations that were sourced using ML API Discovery
  * `SessionIdentifier` - Discovered operations that were sourced using Session Identifier API Discovery
- `state` (String) Filter results to only include discovery results in a particular state. States are as follows
  * `review` - Discovered operations that are not saved into API Shield Endpoint Management
  * `saved` - Discovered operations that are already saved into API Shield Endpoint Management
  * `ignored` - Discovered operations that have been marked as ignored

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `endpoint` (String) The endpoint which can contain path parameter templates in curly braces, each will be replaced from left to right with {varN}, starting with {var1}, during insertion. This will further be Cloudflare-normalized upon insertion. See: https://developers.cloudflare.com/rules/normalization/how-it-works/.
- `features` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--features))
- `host` (String) RFC3986-compliant host.
- `id` (String) UUID
- `last_updated` (String)
- `method` (String) The HTTP method used to access the endpoint.
- `origin` (List of String) API discovery engine(s) that discovered this operation
- `state` (String) State of operation in API Discovery
  * `review` - Operation is not saved into API Shield Endpoint Management
  * `saved` - Operation is saved into API Shield Endpoint Management
  * `ignored` - Operation is marked as ignored

<a id="nestedatt--result--features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.features`

Read-Only:

- `traffic_stats` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--features--traffic_stats))

<a id="nestedatt--result--features--traffic_stats"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.features.traffic_stats`

Read-Only:

- `last_updated` (String)
- `period_seconds` (Number) The period in seconds these statistics were computed over
- `requests` (Number) The average number of requests seen during this period


