---
page_title: "cloudflare_bot_management Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_bot_management (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_bot_management" "example_bot_management" {
  zone_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `zone_id` (String) Identifier.

### Read-Only

- `ai_bots_protection` (String) Enable rule to block AI Scrapers and Crawlers.
Available values: "block", "disabled".
- `auto_update_model` (Boolean) Automatically update to the newest bot detection models created by Cloudflare as they are released. [Learn more.](https://developers.cloudflare.com/bots/reference/machine-learning-models#model-versions-and-release-notes)
- `crawler_protection` (String) Enable rule to punish AI Scrapers and Crawlers via a link maze.
Available values: "enabled", "disabled".
- `enable_js` (Boolean) Use lightweight, invisible JavaScript detections to improve Bot Management. [Learn more about JavaScript Detections](https://developers.cloudflare.com/bots/reference/javascript-detections/).
- `fight_mode` (Boolean) Whether to enable Bot Fight Mode.
- `optimize_wordpress` (Boolean) Whether to optimize Super Bot Fight Mode protections for Wordpress.
- `sbfm_definitely_automated` (String) Super Bot Fight Mode (SBFM) action to take on definitely automated requests.
Available values: "allow", "block", "managed_challenge".
- `sbfm_likely_automated` (String) Super Bot Fight Mode (SBFM) action to take on likely automated requests.
Available values: "allow", "block", "managed_challenge".
- `sbfm_static_resource_protection` (Boolean) Super Bot Fight Mode (SBFM) to enable static resource protection.
Enable if static resources on your application need bot protection.
Note: Static resource protection can also result in legitimate traffic being blocked.
- `sbfm_verified_bots` (String) Super Bot Fight Mode (SBFM) action to take on verified bots requests.
Available values: "allow", "block".
- `stale_zone_configuration` (Attributes) A read-only field that shows which unauthorized settings are currently active on the zone. These settings typically result from upgrades or downgrades. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--stale_zone_configuration))
- `suppress_session_score` (Boolean) Whether to disable tracking the highest bot score for a session in the Bot Management cookie.
- `using_latest_model` (Boolean) A read-only field that indicates whether the zone currently is running the latest ML model.

<a id="nestedatt--stale_zone_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stale_zone_configuration`

Read-Only:

- `fight_mode` (Boolean) Indicates that the zone's Bot Fight Mode is turned on.
- `optimize_wordpress` (Boolean) Indicates that the zone's wordpress optimization for SBFM is turned on.
- `sbfm_definitely_automated` (String) Indicates that the zone's definitely automated requests are being blocked or challenged.
- `sbfm_likely_automated` (String) Indicates that the zone's likely automated requests are being blocked or challenged.
- `sbfm_static_resource_protection` (String) Indicates that the zone's static resource protection is turned on.
- `sbfm_verified_bots` (String) Indicates that the zone's verified bot requests are being blocked.
- `suppress_session_score` (Boolean) Indicates that the zone's session score tracking is disabled.


