---
page_title: "cloudflare_client_certificates Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_client_certificates (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_client_certificates" "example_client_certificates" {
  zone_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  limit = 10
  offset = 10
  status = "all"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `zone_id` (String) Identifier.

### Optional

- `limit` (Number) Limit to the number of records returned.
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `offset` (Number) Offset the results
- `status` (String) Client Certitifcate Status to filter results by.
Available values: "all", "active", "pending_reactivation", "pending_revocation", "revoked".

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `certificate` (String) The Client Certificate PEM
- `certificate_authority` (Attributes) Certificate Authority used to issue the Client Certificate (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--certificate_authority))
- `common_name` (String) Common Name of the Client Certificate
- `country` (String) Country, provided by the CSR
- `csr` (String) The Certificate Signing Request (CSR). Must be newline-encoded.
- `expires_on` (String) Date that the Client Certificate expires
- `fingerprint_sha256` (String) Unique identifier of the Client Certificate
- `id` (String) Identifier.
- `issued_on` (String) Date that the Client Certificate was issued by the Certificate Authority
- `location` (String) Location, provided by the CSR
- `organization` (String) Organization, provided by the CSR
- `organizational_unit` (String) Organizational Unit, provided by the CSR
- `serial_number` (String) The serial number on the created Client Certificate.
- `signature` (String) The type of hash used for the Client Certificate..
- `ski` (String) Subject Key Identifier
- `state` (String) State, provided by the CSR
- `status` (String) Client Certificates may be active or revoked, and the pending_reactivation or pending_revocation represent in-progress asynchronous transitions
Available values: "active", "pending_reactivation", "pending_revocation", "revoked".
- `validity_days` (Number) The number of days the Client Certificate will be valid after the issued_on date

<a id="nestedatt--result--certificate_authority"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.certificate_authority`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)


