---
page_title: "cloudflare_custom_csrs Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Accepted Permissions
  Account: SSL and Certificates ReadAccount: SSL and Certificates Write
---

# cloudflare_custom_csrs (Data Source)

Accepted Permissions

- `Account: SSL and Certificates Read`
- `Account: SSL and Certificates Write`

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_custom_csrs" "example_custom_csrs" {
  account_id = "account_id"
  zone_id = "zone_id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) The Account ID to use for this endpoint. Mutually exclusive with the Zone ID.
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `zone_id` (String) The Zone ID to use for this endpoint. Mutually exclusive with the Account ID.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `account_tag` (String) Account identifier associated with this CSR.
- `common_name` (String) The common name (domain) for the CSR.
- `country` (String) Two-letter ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.
- `created_at` (String) When the CSR was created.
- `csr` (String) The PEM-encoded Certificate Signing Request.
- `description` (String) Optional description for the CSR.
- `id` (String) Custom CSR identifier tag.
- `key_type` (String) The key algorithm used to generate the CSR.
Available values: "rsa2048", "p256v1".
- `locality` (String) City or locality name.
- `name` (String) Human-readable name for the CSR.
- `organization` (String) Organization name.
- `organizational_unit` (String) Organizational unit name.
- `sans` (List of String) Subject Alternative Names included in the CSR.
- `state` (String) State or province name.


