---
page_title: "cloudflare_custom_hostname Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_custom_hostname (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_custom_hostname" "example_custom_hostname" {
  zone_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  custom_hostname_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `zone_id` (String) Identifier

### Optional

- `custom_hostname_id` (String) Identifier
- `filter` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) This is the time the hostname was created.
- `custom_metadata` (Map of String) Unique key/value metadata for this hostname. These are per-hostname (customer) settings.
- `custom_origin_server` (String) a valid hostname that’s been added to your DNS zone as an A, AAAA, or CNAME record.
- `custom_origin_sni` (String) A hostname that will be sent to your custom origin server as SNI for TLS handshake. This can be a valid subdomain of the zone or custom origin server name or the string ':request_host_header:' which will cause the host header in the request to be used as SNI. Not configurable with default/fallback origin server.
- `hostname` (String) The custom hostname that will point to your hostname via CNAME.
- `id` (String) Identifier
- `ownership_verification` (Attributes) This is a record which can be placed to activate a hostname. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ownership_verification))
- `ownership_verification_http` (Attributes) This presents the token to be served by the given http url to activate a hostname. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ownership_verification_http))
- `ssl` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ssl))
- `status` (String) Status of the hostname's activation.
Available values: "active", "pending", "active_redeploying", "moved", "pending_deletion", "deleted", "pending_blocked", "pending_migration", "pending_provisioned", "test_pending", "test_active", "test_active_apex", "test_blocked", "test_failed", "provisioned", "blocked".
- `verification_errors` (List of String) These are errors that were encountered while trying to activate a hostname.

<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `direction` (String) Direction to order hostnames.
Available values: "asc", "desc".
- `hostname` (String) Fully qualified domain name to match against. This parameter cannot be used with the 'id' parameter.
- `id` (String) Hostname ID to match against. This ID was generated and returned during the initial custom_hostname creation. This parameter cannot be used with the 'hostname' parameter.
- `order` (String) Field to order hostnames by.
Available values: "ssl", "ssl_status".
- `ssl` (Number) Whether to filter hostnames based on if they have SSL enabled.
Available values: 0, 1.


<a id="nestedatt--ownership_verification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ownership_verification`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) DNS Name for record.
- `type` (String) DNS Record type.
Available values: "txt".
- `value` (String) Content for the record.


<a id="nestedatt--ownership_verification_http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ownership_verification_http`

Read-Only:

- `http_body` (String) Token to be served.
- `http_url` (String) The HTTP URL that will be checked during custom hostname verification and where the customer should host the token.


<a id="nestedatt--ssl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssl`

Read-Only:

- `bundle_method` (String) A ubiquitous bundle has the highest probability of being verified everywhere, even by clients using outdated or unusual trust stores. An optimal bundle uses the shortest chain and newest intermediates. And the force bundle verifies the chain, but does not otherwise modify it.
Available values: "ubiquitous", "optimal", "force".
- `certificate_authority` (String) The Certificate Authority that will issue the certificate
Available values: "digicert", "google", "lets_encrypt", "ssl_com".
- `custom_certificate` (String) If a custom uploaded certificate is used.
- `custom_csr_id` (String) The identifier for the Custom CSR that was used.
- `custom_key` (String, Sensitive) The key for a custom uploaded certificate.
- `expires_on` (String) The time the custom certificate expires on.
- `hosts` (List of String) A list of Hostnames on a custom uploaded certificate.
- `id` (String) Custom hostname SSL identifier tag.
- `issuer` (String) The issuer on a custom uploaded certificate.
- `method` (String) Domain control validation (DCV) method used for this hostname.
Available values: "http", "txt", "email".
- `serial_number` (String) The serial number on a custom uploaded certificate.
- `settings` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ssl--settings))
- `signature` (String) The signature on a custom uploaded certificate.
- `status` (String) Status of the hostname's SSL certificates.
Available values: "initializing", "pending_validation", "deleted", "pending_issuance", "pending_deployment", "pending_deletion", "pending_expiration", "expired", "active", "initializing_timed_out", "validation_timed_out", "issuance_timed_out", "deployment_timed_out", "deletion_timed_out", "pending_cleanup", "staging_deployment", "staging_active", "deactivating", "inactive", "backup_issued", "holding_deployment".
- `type` (String) Level of validation to be used for this hostname. Domain validation (dv) must be used.
Available values: "dv".
- `uploaded_on` (String) The time the custom certificate was uploaded.
- `validation_errors` (Attributes List) Domain validation errors that have been received by the certificate authority (CA). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ssl--validation_errors))
- `validation_records` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ssl--validation_records))
- `wildcard` (Boolean) Indicates whether the certificate covers a wildcard.

<a id="nestedatt--ssl--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssl.settings`

Read-Only:

- `ciphers` (List of String) An allowlist of ciphers for TLS termination. These ciphers must be in the BoringSSL format.
- `early_hints` (String) Whether or not Early Hints is enabled.
Available values: "on", "off".
- `http2` (String) Whether or not HTTP2 is enabled.
Available values: "on", "off".
- `min_tls_version` (String) The minimum TLS version supported.
Available values: "1.0", "1.1", "1.2", "1.3".
- `tls_1_3` (String) Whether or not TLS 1.3 is enabled.
Available values: "on", "off".


<a id="nestedatt--ssl--validation_errors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssl.validation_errors`

Read-Only:

- `message` (String) A domain validation error.


<a id="nestedatt--ssl--validation_records"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssl.validation_records`

Read-Only:

- `emails` (List of String) The set of email addresses that the certificate authority (CA) will use to complete domain validation.
- `http_body` (String) The content that the certificate authority (CA) will expect to find at the http_url during the domain validation.
- `http_url` (String) The url that will be checked during domain validation.
- `txt_name` (String) The hostname that the certificate authority (CA) will check for a TXT record during domain validation .
- `txt_value` (String) The TXT record that the certificate authority (CA) will check during domain validation.


