---
page_title: "cloudflare_custom_hostnames Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_custom_hostnames (Data Source)




<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `zone_id` (String) Identifier

### Optional

- `direction` (String) Direction to order hostnames.
- `hostname` (String) Fully qualified domain name to match against. This parameter cannot be used with the 'id' parameter.
- `id` (String) Hostname ID to match against. This ID was generated and returned during the initial custom_hostname creation. This parameter cannot be used with the 'hostname' parameter.
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `order` (String) Field to order hostnames by.
- `page` (Number) Page number of paginated results.
- `per_page` (Number) Number of hostnames per page.
- `ssl` (Number) Whether to filter hostnames based on if they have SSL enabled.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `created_at` (String) This is the time the hostname was created.
- `custom_metadata` (Attributes) These are per-hostname (customer) settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--custom_metadata))
- `custom_origin_server` (String) a valid hostname that’s been added to your DNS zone as an A, AAAA, or CNAME record.
- `custom_origin_sni` (String) A hostname that will be sent to your custom origin server as SNI for TLS handshake. This can be a valid subdomain of the zone or custom origin server name or the string ':request_host_header:' which will cause the host header in the request to be used as SNI. Not configurable with default/fallback origin server.
- `ownership_verification` (Attributes) This is a record which can be placed to activate a hostname. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--ownership_verification))
- `ownership_verification_http` (Attributes) This presents the token to be served by the given http url to activate a hostname. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--ownership_verification_http))
- `status` (String) Status of the hostname's activation.
- `verification_errors` (List of String) These are errors that were encountered while trying to activate a hostname.

Read-Only:

- `hostname` (String) The custom hostname that will point to your hostname via CNAME.
- `id` (String) Identifier

<a id="nestedatt--items--custom_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.custom_metadata`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Unique metadata for this hostname.


<a id="nestedatt--items--ownership_verification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.ownership_verification`

Optional:

- `name` (String) DNS Name for record.
- `type` (String) DNS Record type.
- `value` (String) Content for the record.


<a id="nestedatt--items--ownership_verification_http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.ownership_verification_http`

Optional:

- `http_body` (String) Token to be served.
- `http_url` (String) The HTTP URL that will be checked during custom hostname verification and where the customer should host the token.


