---
page_title: "cloudflare_dlp_custom_profile Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_dlp_custom_profile (Data Source)




<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Identifier
- `profile_id` (String) The ID for this profile

### Optional

- `allowed_match_count` (Number) Related DLP policies will trigger when the match count exceeds the number set.
- `context_awareness` (Attributes) Scan the context of predefined entries to only return matches surrounded by keywords. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--context_awareness))
- `created_at` (String)
- `description` (String) The description of the profile.
- `entries` (Attributes List) The entries for this profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entries))
- `id` (String) The ID for this profile
- `name` (String) The name of the profile.
- `ocr_enabled` (Boolean) If true, scan images via OCR to determine if any text present matches filters.
- `type` (String) The type of the profile.
- `updated_at` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--context_awareness"></a>
### Nested Schema for `context_awareness`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) If true, scan the context of predefined entries to only return matches surrounded by keywords.
- `skip` (Attributes) Content types to exclude from context analysis and return all matches. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--context_awareness--skip))

<a id="nestedatt--context_awareness--skip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `context_awareness.skip`

Read-Only:

- `files` (Boolean) If the content type is a file, skip context analysis and return all matches.



<a id="nestedatt--entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entries`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the entry is enabled or not.
- `name` (String) The name of the entry.
- `pattern` (Attributes) A pattern that matches an entry (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entries--pattern))
- `profile_id` (String) ID of the parent profile

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String)
- `id` (String) The ID for this entry
- `updated_at` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--entries--pattern"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entries.pattern`

Optional:

- `validation` (String) Validation algorithm for the pattern. This algorithm will get run on potential matches, and if it returns false, the entry will not be matched.

Read-Only:

- `regex` (String) The regex pattern.


