---
page_title: "cloudflare_dns_records Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_dns_records (Data Source)




<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `zone_id` (String) Identifier

### Optional

- `comment` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--comment))
- `content` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content))
- `direction` (String) Direction to order DNS records in.
- `match` (String) Whether to match all search requirements or at least one (any). If set to `all`, acts like a logical AND between filters. If set to `any`, acts like a logical OR instead. Note that the interaction between tag filters is controlled by the `tag-match` parameter instead.
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `name` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--name))
- `order` (String) Field to order DNS records by.
- `proxied` (Boolean) Whether the record is receiving the performance and security benefits of Cloudflare.
- `search` (String) Allows searching in multiple properties of a DNS record simultaneously. This parameter is intended for human users, not automation. Its exact behavior is intentionally left unspecified and is subject to change in the future. This parameter works independently of the `match` setting. For automated searches, please use the other available parameters.
- `tag` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tag))
- `tag_match` (String) Whether to match all tag search requirements or at least one (any). If set to `all`, acts like a logical AND between tag filters. If set to `any`, acts like a logical OR instead. Note that the regular `match` parameter is still used to combine the resulting condition with other filters that aren't related to tags.
- `type` (String) Record type.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--comment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `comment`

Optional:

- `absent` (String) If this parameter is present, only records *without* a comment are returned.
- `contains` (String) Substring of the DNS record comment. Comment filters are case-insensitive.
- `endswith` (String) Suffix of the DNS record comment. Comment filters are case-insensitive.
- `exact` (String) Exact value of the DNS record comment. Comment filters are case-insensitive.
- `present` (String) If this parameter is present, only records *with* a comment are returned.
- `startswith` (String) Prefix of the DNS record comment. Comment filters are case-insensitive.


<a id="nestedatt--content"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content`

Optional:

- `contains` (String) Substring of the DNS record content. Content filters are case-insensitive.
- `endswith` (String) Suffix of the DNS record content. Content filters are case-insensitive.
- `exact` (String) Exact value of the DNS record content. Content filters are case-insensitive.
- `startswith` (String) Prefix of the DNS record content. Content filters are case-insensitive.


<a id="nestedatt--name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `name`

Optional:

- `contains` (String) Substring of the DNS record name. Name filters are case-insensitive.
- `endswith` (String) Suffix of the DNS record name. Name filters are case-insensitive.
- `exact` (String) Exact value of the DNS record name. Name filters are case-insensitive.
- `startswith` (String) Prefix of the DNS record name. Name filters are case-insensitive.


<a id="nestedatt--tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag`

Optional:

- `absent` (String) Name of a tag which must *not* be present on the DNS record. Tag filters are case-insensitive.
- `contains` (String) A tag and value, of the form `<tag-name>:<tag-value>`. The API will only return DNS records that have a tag named `<tag-name>` whose value contains `<tag-value>`. Tag filters are case-insensitive.
- `endswith` (String) A tag and value, of the form `<tag-name>:<tag-value>`. The API will only return DNS records that have a tag named `<tag-name>` whose value ends with `<tag-value>`. Tag filters are case-insensitive.
- `exact` (String) A tag and value, of the form `<tag-name>:<tag-value>`. The API will only return DNS records that have a tag named `<tag-name>` whose value is `<tag-value>`. Tag filters are case-insensitive.
- `present` (String) Name of a tag which must be present on the DNS record. Tag filters are case-insensitive.
- `startswith` (String) A tag and value, of the form `<tag-name>:<tag-value>`. The API will only return DNS records that have a tag named `<tag-name>` whose value starts with `<tag-value>`. Tag filters are case-insensitive.


<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `content` (String) A valid IPv4 address.
- `data` (Attributes) Components of a CAA record. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--data))
- `priority` (Number) Required for MX, SRV and URI records; unused by other record types. Records with lower priorities are preferred.
- `settings` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--settings))
- `type` (String) Record type.

<a id="nestedatt--result--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.data`

Read-Only:

- `algorithm` (Number) Algorithm.
- `altitude` (Number) Altitude of location in meters.
- `certificate` (String) Certificate.
- `digest` (String) Digest.
- `digest_type` (Number) Digest Type.
- `fingerprint` (String) fingerprint.
- `flags` (Dynamic) Flags for the CAA record.
- `key_tag` (Number) Key Tag.
- `lat_degrees` (Number) Degrees of latitude.
- `lat_direction` (String) Latitude direction.
- `lat_minutes` (Number) Minutes of latitude.
- `lat_seconds` (Number) Seconds of latitude.
- `long_degrees` (Number) Degrees of longitude.
- `long_direction` (String) Longitude direction.
- `long_minutes` (Number) Minutes of longitude.
- `long_seconds` (Number) Seconds of longitude.
- `matching_type` (Number) Matching Type.
- `order` (Number) Order.
- `port` (Number) The port of the service.
- `precision_horz` (Number) Horizontal precision of location.
- `precision_vert` (Number) Vertical precision of location.
- `preference` (Number) Preference.
- `priority` (Number) priority.
- `protocol` (Number) Protocol.
- `public_key` (String) Public Key.
- `regex` (String) Regex.
- `replacement` (String) Replacement.
- `selector` (Number) Selector.
- `service` (String) Service.
- `size` (Number) Size of location in meters.
- `tag` (String) Name of the property controlled by this record (e.g.: issue, issuewild, iodef).
- `target` (String) target.
- `type` (Number) Type.
- `usage` (Number) Usage.
- `value` (String) Value of the record. This field's semantics depend on the chosen tag.
- `weight` (Number) The record weight.


<a id="nestedatt--result--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.settings`

Read-Only:

- `flatten_cname` (Boolean) If enabled, causes the CNAME record to be resolved externally and the resulting address records (e.g., A and AAAA) to be returned instead of the CNAME record itself. This setting has no effect on proxied records, which are always flattened.


