---
page_title: "cloudflare_firewall_rule Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_firewall_rule (Data Source)




<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `action` (String) The action to apply to a matched request. The `log` action is only available on an Enterprise plan.
- `description` (String) An informative summary of the firewall rule.
- `filter` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))
- `find_one_by` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--find_one_by))
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the firewall rule.
- `path_id` (String) The unique identifier of the firewall rule.
- `paused` (Boolean) When true, indicates that the firewall rule is currently paused.
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the rule. Optional value used to define the processing order. A lower number indicates a higher priority. If not provided, rules with a defined priority will be processed before rules without a priority.
- `products` (String)
- `query_id` (String) The unique identifier of the firewall rule.
- `ref` (String) A short reference tag. Allows you to select related firewall rules.
- `zone_identifier` (String) Identifier

<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `deleted` (Boolean) When true, indicates that the firewall rule was deleted.
- `description` (String) An informative summary of the filter.
- `expression` (String) The filter expression. For more information, refer to [Expressions](https://developers.cloudflare.com/ruleset-engine/rules-language/expressions/).
- `paused` (Boolean) When true, indicates that the filter is currently paused.
- `ref` (String) A short reference tag. Allows you to select related filters.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the filter.


<a id="nestedatt--find_one_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `find_one_by`

Required:

- `zone_identifier` (String) Identifier

Optional:

- `action` (String) The action to search for. Must be an exact match.
- `description` (String) A case-insensitive string to find in the description.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the firewall rule.
- `page` (Number) Page number of paginated results.
- `paused` (Boolean) When true, indicates that the firewall rule is currently paused.
- `per_page` (Number) Number of firewall rules per page.


