---
page_title: "cloudflare_firewall_rules Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_firewall_rules (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_firewall_rules" "example_firewall_rules" {
  zone_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  id = "372e67954025e0ba6aaa6d586b9e0b60"
  action = "block"
  description = "mir"
  paused = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `zone_id` (String) Identifier

### Optional

- `action` (String) The action to search for. Must be an exact match.
- `description` (String) A case-insensitive string to find in the description.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the firewall rule.
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `paused` (Boolean) When true, indicates that the firewall rule is currently paused.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) The action to apply to a matched request. The `log` action is only available on an Enterprise plan.
Available values: "block", "challenge", "js_challenge", "managed_challenge", "allow", "log", "bypass".
- `description` (String) An informative summary of the firewall rule.
- `filter` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--filter))
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the firewall rule.
- `paused` (Boolean) When true, indicates that the firewall rule is currently paused.
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the rule. Optional value used to define the processing order. A lower number indicates a higher priority. If not provided, rules with a defined priority will be processed before rules without a priority.
- `products` (List of String)
- `ref` (String) A short reference tag. Allows you to select related firewall rules.

<a id="nestedatt--result--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.filter`

Read-Only:

- `deleted` (Boolean) When true, indicates that the firewall rule was deleted.
- `description` (String) An informative summary of the filter.
- `expression` (String) The filter expression. For more information, refer to [Expressions](https://developers.cloudflare.com/ruleset-engine/rules-language/expressions/).
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the filter.
- `paused` (Boolean) When true, indicates that the filter is currently paused.
- `ref` (String) A short reference tag. Allows you to select related filters.


