---
page_title: "cloudflare_healthchecks Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_healthchecks (Data Source)




<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `zone_id` (String) Identifier

### Optional

- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `page` (String) Page number of paginated results.
- `per_page` (String) Maximum number of results per page. Must be a multiple of 5.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `address` (String) The hostname or IP address of the origin server to run health checks on.
- `check_regions` (List of String) A list of regions from which to run health checks. Null means Cloudflare will pick a default region.
- `description` (String) A human-readable description of the health check.
- `http_config` (Attributes) Parameters specific to an HTTP or HTTPS health check. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--http_config))
- `name` (String) A short name to identify the health check. Only alphanumeric characters, hyphens and underscores are allowed.
- `tcp_config` (Attributes) Parameters specific to TCP health check. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--tcp_config))

Read-Only:

- `consecutive_fails` (Number) The number of consecutive fails required from a health check before changing the health to unhealthy.
- `consecutive_successes` (Number) The number of consecutive successes required from a health check before changing the health to healthy.
- `created_on` (String)
- `failure_reason` (String) The current failure reason if status is unhealthy.
- `id` (String) Identifier
- `interval` (Number) The interval between each health check. Shorter intervals may give quicker notifications if the origin status changes, but will increase load on the origin as we check from multiple locations.
- `modified_on` (String)
- `retries` (Number) The number of retries to attempt in case of a timeout before marking the origin as unhealthy. Retries are attempted immediately.
- `status` (String) The current status of the origin server according to the health check.
- `suspended` (Boolean) If suspended, no health checks are sent to the origin.
- `timeout` (Number) The timeout (in seconds) before marking the health check as failed.
- `type` (String) The protocol to use for the health check. Currently supported protocols are 'HTTP', 'HTTPS' and 'TCP'.

<a id="nestedatt--items--http_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.http_config`

Optional:

- `expected_body` (String) A case-insensitive sub-string to look for in the response body. If this string is not found, the origin will be marked as unhealthy.
- `expected_codes` (List of String) The expected HTTP response codes (e.g. "200") or code ranges (e.g. "2xx" for all codes starting with 2) of the health check.
- `header` (Map of List of String) The HTTP request headers to send in the health check. It is recommended you set a Host header by default. The User-Agent header cannot be overridden.

Read-Only:

- `allow_insecure` (Boolean) Do not validate the certificate when the health check uses HTTPS.
- `follow_redirects` (Boolean) Follow redirects if the origin returns a 3xx status code.
- `method` (String) The HTTP method to use for the health check.
- `path` (String) The endpoint path to health check against.
- `port` (Number) Port number to connect to for the health check. Defaults to 80 if type is HTTP or 443 if type is HTTPS.


<a id="nestedatt--items--tcp_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.tcp_config`

Read-Only:

- `method` (String) The TCP connection method to use for the health check.
- `port` (Number) Port number to connect to for the health check. Defaults to 80.


