---
page_title: "cloudflare_hyperdrive_config Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_hyperdrive_config (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_hyperdrive_config" "example_hyperdrive_config" {
  account_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  hyperdrive_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Identifier

### Optional

- `hyperdrive_id` (String) Identifier

### Read-Only

- `caching` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--caching))
- `created_on` (String) When the Hyperdrive configuration was created.
- `id` (String) Identifier
- `modified_on` (String) When the Hyperdrive configuration was last modified.
- `mtls` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mtls))
- `name` (String)
- `origin` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin))

<a id="nestedatt--caching"></a>
### Nested Schema for `caching`

Read-Only:

- `disabled` (Boolean) When set to true, disables the caching of SQL responses. (Default: false)
- `max_age` (Number) When present, specifies max duration for which items should persist in the cache. Not returned if set to default. (Default: 60)
- `stale_while_revalidate` (Number) When present, indicates the number of seconds cache may serve the response after it becomes stale. Not returned if set to default. (Default: 15)


<a id="nestedatt--mtls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mtls`

Read-Only:

- `ca_certificate_id` (String) CA certificate ID
- `mtls_certificate_id` (String) mTLS certificate ID
- `sslmode` (String) SSL mode used for CA verification. Must be 'require', 'verify-ca', or 'verify-full'


<a id="nestedatt--origin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin`

Read-Only:

- `access_client_id` (String) The Client ID of the Access token to use when connecting to the origin database.
- `access_client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The Client Secret of the Access token to use when connecting to the origin database. This value is write-only and never returned by the API.
- `database` (String) The name of your origin database.
- `host` (String) The host (hostname or IP) of your origin database.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password required to access your origin database. This value is write-only and never returned by the API.
- `port` (Number) The port (default: 5432 for Postgres) of your origin database.
- `scheme` (String) Specifies the URL scheme used to connect to your origin database.
Available values: "postgres", "postgresql", "mysql".
- `user` (String) The user of your origin database.


