---
page_title: "cloudflare_infrastructure_access_targets Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve all Infrastructure Access Targets.
---

# cloudflare_infrastructure_access_targets (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve all Infrastructure Access Targets.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_infrastructure_access_targets" "example" {
  account_id        = "f037e56e89293a057740de681ac9abbe"
  hostname_contains = "example"
  ipv4              = "198.51.100.1"
}

# output the list of targets the data source contains
output "targets" {
  value = data.cloudflare_infrastructure_access_targets.example.targets
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) The account identifier to target for the resource.

### Optional

- `created_after` (String) A date and time after a target was created to filter on.
- `hostname` (String) The hostname of the target.
- `hostname_contains` (String) Partial match to the hostname of a target
- `ipv4` (String) The target's IPv4 address.
- `ipv6` (String) The target's IPv6 address.
- `modified_after` (String) A date and time after a target was modified to filter on.
- `virtual_network_id` (String) The private virtual network identifier for the target.

### Read-Only

- `targets` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets))

<a id="nestedatt--targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets`

Required:

- `ip` (Attributes) The IPv4/IPv6 address that identifies where to reach a target. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets--ip))

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The account identifier to target for the resource.
- `created_at` (String) The date and time at which the target was created.
- `hostname` (String) A non-unique field that refers to a target.
- `id` (String) The identifier of this resource. This is target's unique identifier.
- `modified_at` (String) The date and time at which the target was last modified.

<a id="nestedatt--targets--ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets.ip`

Optional:

- `ipv4` (Attributes) The target's IPv4 address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets--ip--ipv4))
- `ipv6` (Attributes) The target's IPv6 address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets--ip--ipv6))

<a id="nestedatt--targets--ip--ipv4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets.ip.ipv4`

Required:

- `ip_addr` (String) The IP address of the target.
- `virtual_network_id` (String) The private virtual network identifier for the target.


<a id="nestedatt--targets--ip--ipv6"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets.ip.ipv6`

Required:

- `ip_addr` (String) The IP address of the target.
- `virtual_network_id` (String) The private virtual network identifier for the target.


