---
page_title: "cloudflare_keyless_certificate Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Accepted Permissions
  Access: Apps and Policies ReadAccess: Apps and Policies RevokeAccess: Apps and Policies WriteAccess: Mutual TLS Certificates WriteAccess: Organizations, Identity Providers, and Groups WriteAnalytics ReadApps WriteCache PurgeDNS ReadDNS WriteFirewall Services ReadFirewall Services WriteLoad Balancers ReadLoad Balancers WriteLogs ReadLogs WritePage Rules ReadPage Rules WriteSSL and Certificates ReadSSL and Certificates WriteStream ReadStream WriteTrust and Safety ReadTrust and Safety WriteWorkers Routes ReadWorkers Routes WriteWorkers Scripts ReadWorkers Scripts WriteZaraz AdminZaraz EditZaraz ReadZero Trust: PII ReadZone ReadZone Settings ReadZone Settings WriteZone Write
---

# cloudflare_keyless_certificate (Data Source)

Accepted Permissions

- `Access: Apps and Policies Read`
- `Access: Apps and Policies Revoke`
- `Access: Apps and Policies Write`
- `Access: Mutual TLS Certificates Write`
- `Access: Organizations, Identity Providers, and Groups Write`
- `Analytics Read`
- `Apps Write`
- `Cache Purge`
- `DNS Read`
- `DNS Write`
- `Firewall Services Read`
- `Firewall Services Write`
- `Load Balancers Read`
- `Load Balancers Write`
- `Logs Read`
- `Logs Write`
- `Page Rules Read`
- `Page Rules Write`
- `SSL and Certificates Read`
- `SSL and Certificates Write`
- `Stream Read`
- `Stream Write`
- `Trust and Safety Read`
- `Trust and Safety Write`
- `Workers Routes Read`
- `Workers Routes Write`
- `Workers Scripts Read`
- `Workers Scripts Write`
- `Zaraz Admin`
- `Zaraz Edit`
- `Zaraz Read`
- `Zero Trust: PII Read`
- `Zone Read`
- `Zone Settings Read`
- `Zone Settings Write`
- `Zone Write`

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_keyless_certificate" "example_keyless_certificate" {
  zone_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  keyless_certificate_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `keyless_certificate_id` (String) Identifier.

### Optional

- `zone_id` (String) Identifier.

### Read-Only

- `created_on` (String) When the Keyless SSL was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not the Keyless SSL is on or off.
- `host` (String) The keyless SSL name.
- `id` (String) Identifier.
- `modified_on` (String) When the Keyless SSL was last modified.
- `name` (String) The keyless SSL name.
- `permissions` (List of String) Available permissions for the Keyless SSL for the current user requesting the item.
- `port` (Number) The keyless SSL port used to communicate between Cloudflare and the client's Keyless SSL server.
- `status` (String) Status of the Keyless SSL.
Available values: "active", "deleted".
- `tunnel` (Attributes) Configuration for using Keyless SSL through a Cloudflare Tunnel (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tunnel))

<a id="nestedatt--tunnel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tunnel`

Read-Only:

- `private_ip` (String) Private IP of the Key Server Host
- `vnet_id` (String) Cloudflare Tunnel Virtual Network ID


