---
page_title: "cloudflare_list Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_list (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_list" "example_list" {
  account_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  list_id = "2c0fc9fa937b11eaa1b71c4d701ab86e"
  search = "1.1.1.1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) The Account ID for this resource.

### Optional

- `list_id` (String) The unique ID of the list.
- `search` (String) A search query to filter returned items. Its meaning depends on the list type: IP addresses must start with the provided string, hostnames and bulk redirects must contain the string, and ASNs must match the string exactly.

### Read-Only

- `created_on` (String) The RFC 3339 timestamp of when the list was created.
- `description` (String) An informative summary of the list.
- `id` (String) The unique ID of the list.
- `items` (Attributes Set) The items in the list. If set, this overwrites all items in the list. Do not use with `cloudflare_list_item`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String) The type of the list. Each type supports specific list items (IP addresses, ASNs, hostnames or redirects).
Available values: "ip", "redirect", "hostname", "asn".
- `modified_on` (String) The RFC 3339 timestamp of when the list was last modified.
- `name` (String) An informative name for the list. Use this name in filter and rule expressions.
- `num_items` (Number) The number of items in the list.
- `num_referencing_filters` (Number) The number of [filters](/api/resources/filters/) referencing the list.

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `asn` (Number) A non-negative 32 bit integer
- `comment` (String) An informative summary of the list item.
- `hostname` (Attributes) Valid characters for hostnames are ASCII(7) letters from a to z, the digits from 0 to 9, wildcards (*), and the hyphen (-). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--hostname))
- `ip` (String) An IPv4 address, an IPv4 CIDR, an IPv6 address, or an IPv6 CIDR.
- `redirect` (Attributes) The definition of the redirect. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--redirect))

<a id="nestedatt--items--hostname"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.hostname`

Read-Only:

- `exclude_exact_hostname` (Boolean) Only applies to wildcard hostnames (e.g., *.example.com). When true (default), only subdomains are blocked. When false, both the root domain and subdomains are blocked.
- `url_hostname` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--redirect"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.redirect`

Read-Only:

- `include_subdomains` (Boolean)
- `preserve_path_suffix` (Boolean)
- `preserve_query_string` (Boolean)
- `source_url` (String)
- `status_code` (Number) Available values: 301, 302, 307, 308.
- `subpath_matching` (Boolean)
- `target_url` (String)


