---
page_title: "cloudflare_organizations Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_organizations (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_organizations" "example_organizations" {
  id = ["a7b9c3d2e8f4g1h5i6j0k9l2m3n7o4p8"]
  containing = {
    account = "account"
    organization = "organization"
    user = "user"
  }
  name = {
    contains = "contains"
    ends_with = "endsWith"
    starts_with = "startsWith"
  }
  page_size = 0
  page_token = "page_token"
  parent = {
    id = "a7b9c3d2e8f4g1h5i6j0k9l2m3n7o4p8"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `containing` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--containing))
- `id` (List of String) Only return organizations with the specified IDs (ex. id=foo&id=bar). Send multiple elements
by repeating the query value.
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `name` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--name))
- `page_size` (Number) The amount of items to return. Defaults to 10.
- `page_token` (String) An opaque token returned from the last list response that when
provided will retrieve the next page.

Parameters used to filter the retrieved list must remain in subsequent
requests with a page token.
- `parent` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parent))

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--containing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `containing`

Optional:

- `account` (String) Filter the list of organizations to the ones that contain this particular
account.
- `organization` (String) Filter the list of organizations to the ones that contain this particular
organization.
- `user` (String) Filter the list of organizations to the ones that contain this particular
user.

IMPORTANT: Just because an organization "contains" a user is not a
representation of any authorization or privilege to manage any resources
therein. An organization "containing" a user simply means the user is managed by
that organization.


<a id="nestedatt--name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `name`

Optional:

- `contains` (String) (case-insensitive) Filter the list of organizations to where the name contains a particular
string.
- `ends_with` (String) (case-insensitive) Filter the list of organizations to where the name ends with a particular
string.
- `starts_with` (String) (case-insensitive) Filter the list of organizations to where the name starts with a
particular string.


<a id="nestedatt--parent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parent`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Filter the list of organizations to the ones that are a sub-organization
of the specified organization.

"null" is a valid value to provide for this parameter. It means "where
an organization has no parent (i.e. it is a 'root' organization)."


<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `create_time` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `meta` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--meta))
- `name` (String)
- `parent` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--parent))
- `profile` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--profile))

<a id="nestedatt--result--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.meta`

Read-Only:

- `flags` (Attributes) Enable features for Organizations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--meta--flags))
- `managed_by` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--result--meta--flags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.meta.flags`

Read-Only:

- `account_creation` (String)
- `account_deletion` (String)
- `account_migration` (String)
- `account_mobility` (String)
- `sub_org_creation` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--result--parent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.parent`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--result--profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.profile`

Read-Only:

- `business_address` (String)
- `business_email` (String)
- `business_name` (String)
- `business_phone` (String)
- `external_metadata` (String)


