---
page_title: "cloudflare_page_shield_scripts_list Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_page_shield_scripts_list (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_page_shield_scripts_list" "example_page_shield_scripts_list" {
  zone_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  direction = "asc"
  exclude_urls = "blog.cloudflare.com,www.example"
  export = "csv"
  hosts = "blog.cloudflare.com,www.example*,*cloudflare.com"
  order_by = "first_seen_at"
  page = "2"
  page_url = "example.com/page,*/checkout,example.com/*,*checkout*"
  per_page = 100
  prioritize_malicious = true
  status = "active,inactive"
  urls = "blog.cloudflare.com,www.example"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `zone_id` (String) Identifier

### Optional

- `direction` (String) The direction used to sort returned scripts.
- `exclude_cdn_cgi` (Boolean) When true, excludes scripts seen in a `/cdn-cgi` path from the returned scripts. The default value is true.
- `exclude_duplicates` (Boolean) When true, excludes duplicate scripts. We consider a script duplicate of another if their javascript
content matches and they share the same url host and zone hostname. In such case, we return the most
recent script for the URL host and zone hostname combination.
- `exclude_urls` (String) Excludes scripts whose URL contains one of the URL-encoded URLs separated by commas.
- `export` (String) Export the list of scripts as a file.
- `hosts` (String) Includes scripts that match one or more URL-encoded hostnames separated by commas.

Wildcards are supported at the start and end of each hostname to support starts with, ends with
and contains. If no wildcards are used, results will be filtered by exact match
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `order_by` (String) The field used to sort returned scripts.
- `page` (String) The current page number of the paginated results.

We additionally support a special value "all". When "all" is used, the API will return all the scripts
with the applied filters in a single page. This feature is best-effort and it may only work for zones with 
a low number of scripts
- `page_url` (String) Includes scripts that match one or more page URLs (separated by commas) where they were last seen

Wildcards are supported at the start and end of each page URL to support starts with, ends with
and contains. If no wildcards are used, results will be filtered by exact match
- `per_page` (Number) The number of results per page.
- `prioritize_malicious` (Boolean) When true, malicious scripts appear first in the returned scripts.
- `status` (String) Filters the returned scripts using a comma-separated list of scripts statuses. Accepted values: `active`, `infrequent`, and `inactive`. The default value is `active`.
- `urls` (String) Includes scripts whose URL contain one or more URL-encoded URLs separated by commas.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `added_at` (String)
- `cryptomining_score` (Number) The cryptomining score of the JavaScript content.
- `dataflow_score` (Number) The dataflow score of the JavaScript content.
- `domain_reported_malicious` (Boolean)
- `fetched_at` (String) The timestamp of when the script was last fetched.
- `first_page_url` (String)
- `first_seen_at` (String)
- `hash` (String) The computed hash of the analyzed script.
- `host` (String)
- `id` (String) Identifier
- `js_integrity_score` (Number) The integrity score of the JavaScript content.
- `last_seen_at` (String)
- `magecart_score` (Number) The magecart score of the JavaScript content.
- `malicious_domain_categories` (List of String)
- `malicious_url_categories` (List of String)
- `malware_score` (Number) The malware score of the JavaScript content.
- `obfuscation_score` (Number) The obfuscation score of the JavaScript content.
- `page_urls` (List of String)
- `url` (String)
- `url_contains_cdn_cgi_path` (Boolean)
- `url_reported_malicious` (Boolean)


