---
page_title: "cloudflare_pages_projects Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_pages_projects (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_pages_projects" "example_pages_projects" {
  account_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Identifier

### Optional

- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `aliases` (List of String) A list of alias URLs pointing to this deployment.
- `build_config` (Attributes) Configs for the project build process. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--build_config))
- `created_on` (String) When the deployment was created.
- `deployment_trigger` (Attributes) Info about what caused the deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--deployment_trigger))
- `env_vars` (Attributes Map) Environment variables used for builds and Pages Functions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--env_vars))
- `environment` (String) Type of deploy.
Available values: "preview", "production".
- `id` (String) Id of the deployment.
- `is_skipped` (Boolean) If the deployment has been skipped.
- `latest_stage` (Attributes) The status of the deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--latest_stage))
- `modified_on` (String) When the deployment was last modified.
- `project_id` (String) Id of the project.
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project.
- `short_id` (String) Short Id (8 character) of the deployment.
- `source` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--source))
- `stages` (Attributes List) List of past stages. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--stages))
- `url` (String) The live URL to view this deployment.

<a id="nestedatt--result--build_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.build_config`

Read-Only:

- `build_caching` (Boolean) Enable build caching for the project.
- `build_command` (String) Command used to build project.
- `destination_dir` (String) Output directory of the build.
- `root_dir` (String) Directory to run the command.
- `web_analytics_tag` (String) The classifying tag for analytics.
- `web_analytics_token` (String, Sensitive) The auth token for analytics.


<a id="nestedatt--result--deployment_trigger"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.deployment_trigger`

Read-Only:

- `metadata` (Attributes) Additional info about the trigger. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--deployment_trigger--metadata))
- `type` (String) What caused the deployment.
Available values: "push", "ad_hoc".

<a id="nestedatt--result--deployment_trigger--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.deployment_trigger.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `branch` (String) Where the trigger happened.
- `commit_hash` (String) Hash of the deployment trigger commit.
- `commit_message` (String) Message of the deployment trigger commit.



<a id="nestedatt--result--env_vars"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.env_vars`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) Available values: "plain_text", "secret_text".
- `value` (String, Sensitive) Environment variable value.


<a id="nestedatt--result--latest_stage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.latest_stage`

Read-Only:

- `ended_on` (String) When the stage ended.
- `name` (String) The current build stage.
Available values: "queued", "initialize", "clone_repo", "build", "deploy".
- `started_on` (String) When the stage started.
- `status` (String) State of the current stage.
Available values: "success", "idle", "active", "failure", "canceled".


<a id="nestedatt--result--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.source`

Read-Only:

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--source--config))
- `type` (String) The source control management provider.
Available values: "github", "gitlab".

<a id="nestedatt--result--source--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.source.config`

Read-Only:

- `deployments_enabled` (Boolean, Deprecated) Whether to enable automatic deployments when pushing to the source repository.
When disabled, no deployments (production or preview) will be triggered automatically.
- `owner` (String) The owner of the repository.
- `path_excludes` (List of String) A list of paths that should be excluded from triggering a preview deployment. Wildcard syntax (`*`) is supported.
- `path_includes` (List of String) A list of paths that should be watched to trigger a preview deployment. Wildcard syntax (`*`) is supported.
- `pr_comments_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable PR comments.
- `preview_branch_excludes` (List of String) A list of branches that should not trigger a preview deployment. Wildcard syntax (`*`) is supported. Must be used with `preview_deployment_setting` set to `custom`.
- `preview_branch_includes` (List of String) A list of branches that should trigger a preview deployment. Wildcard syntax (`*`) is supported. Must be used with `preview_deployment_setting` set to `custom`.
- `preview_deployment_setting` (String) Controls whether commits to preview branches trigger a preview deployment.
Available values: "all", "none", "custom".
- `production_branch` (String) The production branch of the repository.
- `production_deployments_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to trigger a production deployment on commits to the production branch.
- `repo_name` (String) The name of the repository.



<a id="nestedatt--result--stages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.stages`

Read-Only:

- `ended_on` (String) When the stage ended.
- `name` (String) The current build stage.
Available values: "queued", "initialize", "clone_repo", "build", "deploy".
- `started_on` (String) When the stage started.
- `status` (String) State of the current stage.
Available values: "success", "idle", "active", "failure", "canceled".


