---
page_title: "cloudflare_page_rule Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_page_rule (Data Source)




<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `pagerule_id` (String) Identifier
- `zone_id` (String) Identifier

### Read-Only

- `actions` (Attributes List) The set of actions to perform if the targets of this rule match the
request. Actions can redirect to another URL or override settings, but
not both. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--actions))
- `created_on` (String) The timestamp of when the Page Rule was created.
- `id` (String) Identifier
- `modified_on` (String) The timestamp of when the Page Rule was last modified.
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the rule, used to define which Page Rule is processed
over another. A higher number indicates a higher priority. For example,
if you have a catch-all Page Rule (rule A: `/images/*`) but want a more
specific Page Rule to take precedence (rule B: `/images/special/*`),
specify a higher priority for rule B so it overrides rule A.
- `status` (String) The status of the Page Rule.
- `targets` (Attributes List) The rule targets to evaluate on each request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets))

<a id="nestedatt--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `actions`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) If enabled, any `http://`` URL is converted to `https://` through a
301 redirect.
- `value` (String) The status of Automatic HTTPS Rewrites.


<a id="nestedatt--targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets`

Read-Only:

- `constraint` (Attributes) String constraint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets--constraint))
- `target` (String) A target based on the URL of the request.

<a id="nestedatt--targets--constraint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets.constraint`

Read-Only:

- `operator` (String) The matches operator can use asterisks and pipes as wildcard and 'or' operators.
- `value` (String) The URL pattern to match against the current request. The pattern may contain up to four asterisks ('*') as placeholders.


