---
page_title: "cloudflare_page_shield_scripts Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Accepted Permissions
  Domain Page ShieldDomain Page Shield ReadPage ShieldPage Shield ReadZone Settings ReadZone Settings Write
---

# cloudflare_page_shield_scripts (Data Source)

Accepted Permissions

- `Domain Page Shield`
- `Domain Page Shield Read`
- `Page Shield`
- `Page Shield Read`
- `Zone Settings Read`
- `Zone Settings Write`

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_page_shield_scripts" "example_page_shield_scripts" {
  zone_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  script_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `script_id` (String) Identifier

### Optional

- `zone_id` (String) Identifier

### Read-Only

- `added_at` (String)
- `cryptomining_score` (Number) The cryptomining score of the JavaScript content.
- `dataflow_score` (Number, Deprecated) The dataflow score of the JavaScript content. This field has been deprecated in favour of js_integrity_score.
- `domain_reported_malicious` (Boolean)
- `fetched_at` (String) The timestamp of when the script was last fetched.
- `first_page_url` (String)
- `first_seen_at` (String)
- `hash` (String) The computed hash of the analyzed script.
- `host` (String)
- `id` (String) Identifier
- `js_integrity_score` (Number) The integrity score of the JavaScript content.
- `last_seen_at` (String)
- `magecart_score` (Number) The magecart score of the JavaScript content.
- `malicious_domain_categories` (List of String)
- `malicious_url_categories` (List of String)
- `malware_score` (Number) The malware score of the JavaScript content.
- `obfuscation_score` (Number, Deprecated) The obfuscation score of the JavaScript content. This field has been deprecated in favour of js_integrity_score.
- `page_urls` (List of String)
- `url` (String)
- `url_contains_cdn_cgi_path` (Boolean)
- `url_reported_malicious` (Boolean)
- `versions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--versions))

<a id="nestedatt--versions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `versions`

Read-Only:

- `cryptomining_score` (Number) The cryptomining score of the JavaScript content.
- `dataflow_score` (Number, Deprecated) The dataflow score of the JavaScript content. This field has been deprecated in favour of js_integrity_score.
- `fetched_at` (String) The timestamp of when the script was last fetched.
- `hash` (String) The computed hash of the analyzed script.
- `js_integrity_score` (Number) The integrity score of the JavaScript content.
- `magecart_score` (Number) The magecart score of the JavaScript content.
- `malware_score` (Number) The malware score of the JavaScript content.
- `obfuscation_score` (Number, Deprecated) The obfuscation score of the JavaScript content. This field has been deprecated in favour of js_integrity_score.


