---
page_title: "cloudflare_stream Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_stream (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_stream" "example_stream" {
  account_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  identifier = "ea95132c15732412d22c1476fa83f27a"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) The account identifier tag.
- `filter` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))
- `identifier` (String) A Cloudflare-generated unique identifier for a media item.

### Read-Only

- `allowed_origins` (List of String) Lists the origins allowed to display the video. Enter allowed origin domains in an array and use `*` for wildcard subdomains. Empty arrays allow the video to be viewed on any origin.
- `created` (String) The date and time the media item was created.
- `creator` (String) A user-defined identifier for the media creator.
- `duration` (Number) The duration of the video in seconds. A value of `-1` means the duration is unknown. The duration becomes available after the upload and before the video is ready.
- `input` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--input))
- `live_input` (String) The live input ID used to upload a video with Stream Live.
- `max_duration_seconds` (Number) The maximum duration in seconds for a video upload. Can be set for a video that is not yet uploaded to limit its duration. Uploads that exceed the specified duration will fail during processing. A value of `-1` means the value is unknown.
- `meta` (String) A user modifiable key-value store used to reference other systems of record for managing videos.
- `modified` (String) The date and time the media item was last modified.
- `playback` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--playback))
- `preview` (String) The video's preview page URI. This field is omitted until encoding is complete.
- `ready_to_stream` (Boolean) Indicates whether the video is playable. The field is empty if the video is not ready for viewing or the live stream is still in progress.
- `ready_to_stream_at` (String) Indicates the time at which the video became playable. The field is empty if the video is not ready for viewing or the live stream is still in progress.
- `require_signed_urls` (Boolean) Indicates whether the video can be a accessed using the UID. When set to `true`, a signed token must be generated with a signing key to view the video.
- `scheduled_deletion` (String) Indicates the date and time at which the video will be deleted. Omit the field to indicate no change, or include with a `null` value to remove an existing scheduled deletion. If specified, must be at least 30 days from upload time.
- `size` (Number) The size of the media item in bytes.
- `status` (Attributes) Specifies a detailed status for a video. If the `state` is `inprogress` or `error`, the `step` field returns `encoding` or `manifest`. If the `state` is `inprogress`, `pctComplete` returns a number between 0 and 100 to indicate the approximate percent of completion. If the `state` is `error`, `errorReasonCode` and `errorReasonText` provide additional details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `thumbnail` (String) The media item's thumbnail URI. This field is omitted until encoding is complete.
- `thumbnail_timestamp_pct` (Number) The timestamp for a thumbnail image calculated as a percentage value of the video's duration. To convert from a second-wise timestamp to a percentage, divide the desired timestamp by the total duration of the video.  If this value is not set, the default thumbnail image is taken from 0s of the video.
- `uid` (String) A Cloudflare-generated unique identifier for a media item.
- `upload_expiry` (String) The date and time when the video upload URL is no longer valid for direct user uploads.
- `uploaded` (String) The date and time the media item was uploaded.
- `watermark` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--watermark))

<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `account_id` (String) The account identifier tag.

Optional:

- `asc` (Boolean) Lists videos in ascending order of creation.
- `creator` (String) A user-defined identifier for the media creator.
- `end` (String) Lists videos created before the specified date.
- `include_counts` (Boolean) Includes the total number of videos associated with the submitted query parameters.
- `search` (String) Searches over the `name` key in the `meta` field. This field can be set with or after the upload request.
- `start` (String) Lists videos created after the specified date.
- `status` (String) Specifies the processing status for all quality levels for a video.
- `type` (String) Specifies whether the video is `vod` or `live`.


<a id="nestedatt--input"></a>
### Nested Schema for `input`

Read-Only:

- `height` (Number) The video height in pixels. A value of `-1` means the height is unknown. The value becomes available after the upload and before the video is ready.
- `width` (Number) The video width in pixels. A value of `-1` means the width is unknown. The value becomes available after the upload and before the video is ready.


<a id="nestedatt--playback"></a>
### Nested Schema for `playback`

Read-Only:

- `dash` (String) DASH Media Presentation Description for the video.
- `hls` (String) The HLS manifest for the video.


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `error_reason_code` (String) Specifies why the video failed to encode. This field is empty if the video is not in an `error` state. Preferred for programmatic use.
- `error_reason_text` (String) Specifies why the video failed to encode using a human readable error message in English. This field is empty if the video is not in an `error` state.
- `pct_complete` (String) Indicates the size of the entire upload in bytes. The value must be a non-negative integer.
- `state` (String) Specifies the processing status for all quality levels for a video.


<a id="nestedatt--watermark"></a>
### Nested Schema for `watermark`

Read-Only:

- `created` (String) The date and a time a watermark profile was created.
- `downloaded_from` (String) The source URL for a downloaded image. If the watermark profile was created via direct upload, this field is null.
- `height` (Number) The height of the image in pixels.
- `name` (String) A short description of the watermark profile.
- `opacity` (Number) The translucency of the image. A value of `0.0` makes the image completely transparent, and `1.0` makes the image completely opaque. Note that if the image is already semi-transparent, setting this to `1.0` will not make the image completely opaque.
- `padding` (Number) The whitespace between the adjacent edges (determined by position) of the video and the image. `0.0` indicates no padding, and `1.0` indicates a fully padded video width or length, as determined by the algorithm.
- `position` (String) The location of the image. Valid positions are: `upperRight`, `upperLeft`, `lowerLeft`, `lowerRight`, and `center`. Note that `center` ignores the `padding` parameter.
- `scale` (Number) The size of the image relative to the overall size of the video. This parameter will adapt to horizontal and vertical videos automatically. `0.0` indicates no scaling (use the size of the image as-is), and `1.0 `fills the entire video.
- `size` (Number) The size of the image in bytes.
- `uid` (String) The unique identifier for a watermark profile.
- `width` (Number) The width of the image in pixels.


