---
page_title: "cloudflare_stream_watermark Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_stream_watermark (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_stream_watermark" "example_stream_watermark" {
  account_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  identifier = "ea95132c15732412d22c1476fa83f27a"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) The account identifier tag.
- `filter` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))
- `identifier` (String) The unique identifier for a watermark profile.

### Read-Only

- `created` (String) The date and a time a watermark profile was created.
- `downloaded_from` (String) The source URL for a downloaded image. If the watermark profile was created via direct upload, this field is null.
- `height` (Number) The height of the image in pixels.
- `name` (String) A short description of the watermark profile.
- `opacity` (Number) The translucency of the image. A value of `0.0` makes the image completely transparent, and `1.0` makes the image completely opaque. Note that if the image is already semi-transparent, setting this to `1.0` will not make the image completely opaque.
- `padding` (Number) The whitespace between the adjacent edges (determined by position) of the video and the image. `0.0` indicates no padding, and `1.0` indicates a fully padded video width or length, as determined by the algorithm.
- `position` (String) The location of the image. Valid positions are: `upperRight`, `upperLeft`, `lowerLeft`, `lowerRight`, and `center`. Note that `center` ignores the `padding` parameter.
- `scale` (Number) The size of the image relative to the overall size of the video. This parameter will adapt to horizontal and vertical videos automatically. `0.0` indicates no scaling (use the size of the image as-is), and `1.0 `fills the entire video.
- `size` (Number) The size of the image in bytes.
- `uid` (String) The unique identifier for a watermark profile.
- `width` (Number) The width of the image in pixels.

<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `account_id` (String) The account identifier tag.


