---
page_title: "cloudflare_tunnel Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_tunnel (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_tunnel" "example" {
  account_id = "f037e56e89293a057740de681ac9abbe"
  name       = "my-tunnel"
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) Cloudflare account ID
- `connections` (Attributes List) The tunnel connections between your origin and Cloudflare's edge. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connections))
- `created_at` (String) Timestamp of when the resource was created.
- `deleted_at` (String) Timestamp of when the resource was deleted. If `null`, the resource has not been deleted.
- `find_one_by` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--find_one_by))
- `id` (String) UUID of the tunnel.
- `name` (String) A user-friendly name for a tunnel.
- `tunnel_id` (String) UUID of the tunnel.

<a id="nestedatt--connections"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connections`

Optional:

- `colo_name` (String) The Cloudflare data center used for this connection.
- `is_pending_reconnect` (Boolean) Cloudflare continues to track connections for several minutes after they disconnect. This is an optimization to improve latency and reliability of reconnecting.  If `true`, the connection has disconnected but is still being tracked. If `false`, the connection is actively serving traffic.

Read-Only:

- `uuid` (String) UUID of the Cloudflare Tunnel connection.


<a id="nestedatt--find_one_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `find_one_by`

Required:

- `account_id` (String) Cloudflare account ID

Optional:

- `exclude_prefix` (String)
- `existed_at` (String) If provided, include only tunnels that were created (and not deleted) before this time.
- `include_prefix` (String)
- `is_deleted` (Boolean) If `true`, only include deleted tunnels. If `false`, exclude deleted tunnels. If empty, all tunnels will be included.
- `name` (String) A user-friendly name for the tunnel.
- `page` (Number) Page number of paginated results.
- `per_page` (Number) Number of results to display.
- `status` (String) The status of the tunnel. Valid values are `inactive` (tunnel has never been run), `degraded` (tunnel is active and able to serve traffic but in an unhealthy state), `healthy` (tunnel is active and able to serve traffic), or `down` (tunnel can not serve traffic as it has no connections to the Cloudflare Edge).
- `tun_types` (String) The types of tunnels to filter separated by a comma.
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the tunnel.
- `was_active_at` (String)
- `was_inactive_at` (String)


