---
page_title: "cloudflare_user_groups Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Accepted Permissions
  Account Settings ReadAccount Settings WriteSCIM Provisioning
---

# cloudflare_user_groups (Data Source)

Accepted Permissions

- `Account Settings Read`
- `Account Settings Write`
- `SCIM Provisioning`

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_user_groups" "example_user_groups" {
  account_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  fuzzy_name = "Foo"
  name = "NameOfTheUserGroup"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Account identifier tag.

### Optional

- `direction` (String) The sort order of returned user groups by name (ascending or descending).
Available values: "asc", "desc".
- `fuzzy_name` (String) A string used for searching for user groups containing that substring.
- `id` (String) ID of the user group to be fetched.
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `name` (String) Name of the user group to be fetched.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `created_on` (String) Timestamp for the creation of the user group
- `id` (String) User Group identifier tag.
- `modified_on` (String) Last time the user group was modified.
- `name` (String) Name of the user group.
- `policies` (Attributes List) Policies attached to the User group (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--policies))

<a id="nestedatt--result--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.policies`

Read-Only:

- `access` (String) Allow or deny operations against the resources.
Available values: "allow", "deny".
- `id` (String) Policy identifier.
- `permission_groups` (Attributes List) A set of permission groups that are specified to the policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--policies--permission_groups))
- `resource_groups` (Attributes List) A list of resource groups that the policy applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--policies--resource_groups))

<a id="nestedatt--result--policies--permission_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.policies.permission_groups`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier of the permission group.
- `meta` (Attributes) Attributes associated to the permission group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--policies--permission_groups--meta))
- `name` (String) Name of the permission group.

<a id="nestedatt--result--policies--permission_groups--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.policies.permission_groups.meta`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--result--policies--resource_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.policies.resource_groups`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier of the resource group.
- `meta` (Attributes) Attributes associated to the resource group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--policies--resource_groups--meta))
- `name` (String) Name of the resource group.
- `scope` (Attributes List) The scope associated to the resource group (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--policies--resource_groups--scope))

<a id="nestedatt--result--policies--resource_groups--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.policies.resource_groups.meta`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--result--policies--resource_groups--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.policies.resource_groups.scope`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) This is a combination of pre-defined resource name and identifier (like Account ID etc.)
- `objects` (Attributes List) A list of scope objects for additional context. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--policies--resource_groups--scope--objects))

<a id="nestedatt--result--policies--resource_groups--scope--objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.policies.resource_groups.scope.objects`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) This is a combination of pre-defined resource name and identifier (like Zone ID etc.)


