---
page_title: "cloudflare_user_agent_blocking_rules Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_user_agent_blocking_rules (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_user_agent_blocking_rules" "example_user_agent_blocking_rules" {
  zone_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  description = "abusive"
  description_search = "abusive"
  ua_search = "Safari"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `zone_id` (String) Defines an identifier.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A string to search for in the description of existing rules.
- `description_search` (String) A string to search for in the description of existing rules.
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `ua_search` (String) A string to search for in the user agent values of existing rules.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `configuration` (Attributes) The configuration object for the current rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--configuration))
- `description` (String) An informative summary of the rule.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the User Agent Blocking rule.
- `mode` (String) The action to apply to a matched request.
Available values: "block", "challenge", "js_challenge", "managed_challenge".
- `paused` (Boolean) When true, indicates that the rule is currently paused.

<a id="nestedatt--result--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.configuration`

Read-Only:

- `target` (String) The configuration target for this rule. You must set the target to `ua` for User Agent Blocking rules.
- `value` (String) The exact user agent string to match. This value will be compared to the received `User-Agent` HTTP header value.


