---
page_title: "cloudflare_worker Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_worker (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_worker" "example_worker" {
  account_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  worker_id = "worker_id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Identifier.

### Optional

- `worker_id` (String) Identifier for the Worker, which can be ID or name.

### Read-Only

- `created_on` (String) When the Worker was created.
- `id` (String) Identifier for the Worker, which can be ID or name.
- `logpush` (Boolean) Whether logpush is enabled for the Worker.
- `name` (String) Name of the Worker.
- `observability` (Attributes) Observability settings for the Worker. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--observability))
- `subdomain` (Attributes) Subdomain settings for the Worker. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subdomain))
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags associated with the Worker.
- `tail_consumers` (Attributes Set) Other Workers that should consume logs from the Worker. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tail_consumers))
- `updated_on` (String) When the Worker was most recently updated.

<a id="nestedatt--observability"></a>
### Nested Schema for `observability`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether observability is enabled for the Worker.
- `head_sampling_rate` (Number) The sampling rate for observability. From 0 to 1 (1 = 100%, 0.1 = 10%).
- `logs` (Attributes) Log settings for the Worker. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--observability--logs))

<a id="nestedatt--observability--logs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `observability.logs`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether logs are enabled for the Worker.
- `head_sampling_rate` (Number) The sampling rate for logs. From 0 to 1 (1 = 100%, 0.1 = 10%).
- `invocation_logs` (Boolean) Whether [invocation logs](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/observability/logs/workers-logs/#invocation-logs) are enabled for the Worker.



<a id="nestedatt--subdomain"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subdomain`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the *.workers.dev subdomain is enabled for the Worker.
- `previews_enabled` (Boolean) Whether [preview URLs](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/previews/) are enabled for the Worker.


<a id="nestedatt--tail_consumers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tail_consumers`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the consumer Worker.


