---
page_title: "cloudflare_workers_scripts Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_workers_scripts (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_workers_scripts" "example_workers_scripts" {
  account_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  tags = "production:yes,staging:no"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Identifier.

### Optional

- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `tags` (String) Filter scripts by tags. Format: comma-separated list of tag:allowed pairs where allowed is 'yes' or 'no'.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `compatibility_date` (String) Date indicating targeted support in the Workers runtime. Backwards incompatible fixes to the runtime following this date will not affect this Worker.
- `compatibility_flags` (Set of String) Flags that enable or disable certain features in the Workers runtime. Used to enable upcoming features or opt in or out of specific changes not included in a `compatibility_date`.
- `created_on` (String) When the script was created.
- `etag` (String) Hashed script content, can be used in a If-None-Match header when updating.
- `handlers` (List of String) The names of handlers exported as part of the default export.
- `has_assets` (Boolean) Whether a Worker contains assets.
- `has_modules` (Boolean) Whether a Worker contains modules.
- `id` (String) The name used to identify the script.
- `last_deployed_from` (String) The client most recently used to deploy this Worker.
- `logpush` (Boolean) Whether Logpush is turned on for the Worker.
- `migration_tag` (String) The tag of the Durable Object migration that was most recently applied for this Worker.
- `modified_on` (String) When the script was last modified.
- `named_handlers` (Attributes List) Named exports, such as Durable Object class implementations and named entrypoints. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--named_handlers))
- `observability` (Attributes) Observability settings for the Worker. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--observability))
- `placement` (Attributes) Configuration for [Smart Placement](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/smart-placement). Specify either mode for Smart Placement, or one of region/hostname/host for targeted placement. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--placement))
- `placement_mode` (String, Deprecated) Available values: "smart".
- `placement_status` (String, Deprecated) Available values: "SUCCESS", "UNSUPPORTED_APPLICATION", "INSUFFICIENT_INVOCATIONS".
- `routes` (Attributes List) Routes associated with the Worker. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--routes))
- `tag` (String) The immutable ID of the script.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags associated with the Worker.
- `tail_consumers` (Attributes Set) List of Workers that will consume logs from the attached Worker. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--tail_consumers))
- `usage_model` (String) Usage model for the Worker invocations.
Available values: "standard", "bundled", "unbound".

<a id="nestedatt--result--named_handlers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.named_handlers`

Read-Only:

- `handlers` (List of String) The names of handlers exported as part of the named export.
- `name` (String) The name of the export.


<a id="nestedatt--result--observability"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.observability`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether observability is enabled for the Worker.
- `head_sampling_rate` (Number) The sampling rate for incoming requests. From 0 to 1 (1 = 100%, 0.1 = 10%). Default is 1.
- `logs` (Attributes) Log settings for the Worker. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--observability--logs))

<a id="nestedatt--result--observability--logs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.observability.logs`

Read-Only:

- `destinations` (List of String) A list of destinations where logs will be exported to.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether logs are enabled for the Worker.
- `head_sampling_rate` (Number) The sampling rate for logs. From 0 to 1 (1 = 100%, 0.1 = 10%). Default is 1.
- `invocation_logs` (Boolean) Whether [invocation logs](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/observability/logs/workers-logs/#invocation-logs) are enabled for the Worker.
- `persist` (Boolean) Whether log persistence is enabled for the Worker.



<a id="nestedatt--result--placement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.placement`

Read-Only:

- `host` (String) TCP host and port for targeted placement.
- `hostname` (String) HTTP hostname for targeted placement.
- `last_analyzed_at` (String) The last time the script was analyzed for [Smart Placement](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/smart-placement).
- `mode` (String) Enables [Smart Placement](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/smart-placement).
Available values: "smart".
- `region` (String) Cloud region for targeted placement in format 'provider:region'.
- `status` (String) Status of [Smart Placement](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/smart-placement).
Available values: "SUCCESS", "UNSUPPORTED_APPLICATION", "INSUFFICIENT_INVOCATIONS".


<a id="nestedatt--result--routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.routes`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier.
- `pattern` (String) Pattern to match incoming requests against. [Learn more](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/routing/routes/#matching-behavior).
- `script` (String) Name of the script to run if the route matches.


<a id="nestedatt--result--tail_consumers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.tail_consumers`

Read-Only:

- `environment` (String) Optional environment if the Worker utilizes one.
- `namespace` (String) Optional dispatch namespace the script belongs to.
- `service` (String) Name of Worker that is to be the consumer.


