---
page_title: "cloudflare_workers Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_workers (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_workers" "example_workers" {
  account_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Identifier.

### Optional

- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `created_on` (String) When the Worker was created.
- `id` (String) Immutable ID of the Worker.
- `logpush` (Boolean) Whether logpush is enabled for the Worker.
- `name` (String) Name of the Worker.
- `observability` (Attributes) Observability settings for the Worker. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--observability))
- `references` (Attributes) Other resources that reference the Worker and depend on it existing. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--references))
- `subdomain` (Attributes) Subdomain settings for the Worker. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--subdomain))
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags associated with the Worker.
- `tail_consumers` (Attributes Set) Other Workers that should consume logs from the Worker. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--tail_consumers))
- `updated_on` (String) When the Worker was most recently updated.

<a id="nestedatt--result--observability"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.observability`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether observability is enabled for the Worker.
- `head_sampling_rate` (Number) The sampling rate for observability. From 0 to 1 (1 = 100%, 0.1 = 10%).
- `logs` (Attributes) Log settings for the Worker. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--observability--logs))

<a id="nestedatt--result--observability--logs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.observability.logs`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether logs are enabled for the Worker.
- `head_sampling_rate` (Number) The sampling rate for logs. From 0 to 1 (1 = 100%, 0.1 = 10%).
- `invocation_logs` (Boolean) Whether [invocation logs](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/observability/logs/workers-logs/#invocation-logs) are enabled for the Worker.



<a id="nestedatt--result--references"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.references`

Read-Only:

- `dispatch_namespace_outbounds` (Attributes List) Other Workers that reference the Worker as an outbound for a dispatch namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--references--dispatch_namespace_outbounds))
- `domains` (Attributes List) Custom domains connected to the Worker. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--references--domains))
- `durable_objects` (Attributes List) Other Workers that reference Durable Object classes implemented by the Worker. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--references--durable_objects))
- `queues` (Attributes List) Queues that send messages to the Worker. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--references--queues))
- `workers` (Attributes List) Other Workers that reference the Worker using [service bindings](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/service-bindings/). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--references--workers))

<a id="nestedatt--result--references--dispatch_namespace_outbounds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.references.dispatch_namespace_outbounds`

Read-Only:

- `namespace_id` (String) ID of the dispatch namespace.
- `namespace_name` (String) Name of the dispatch namespace.
- `worker_id` (String) ID of the Worker using the dispatch namespace.
- `worker_name` (String) Name of the Worker using the dispatch namespace.


<a id="nestedatt--result--references--domains"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.references.domains`

Read-Only:

- `certificate_id` (String) ID of the TLS certificate issued for the custom domain.
- `hostname` (String) Full hostname of the custom domain, including the zone name.
- `id` (String) ID of the custom domain.
- `zone_id` (String) ID of the zone.
- `zone_name` (String) Name of the zone.


<a id="nestedatt--result--references--durable_objects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.references.durable_objects`

Read-Only:

- `namespace_id` (String) ID of the Durable Object namespace being used.
- `namespace_name` (String) Name of the Durable Object namespace being used.
- `worker_id` (String) ID of the Worker using the Durable Object implementation.
- `worker_name` (String) Name of the Worker using the Durable Object implementation.


<a id="nestedatt--result--references--queues"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.references.queues`

Read-Only:

- `queue_consumer_id` (String) ID of the queue consumer configuration.
- `queue_id` (String) ID of the queue.
- `queue_name` (String) Name of the queue.


<a id="nestedatt--result--references--workers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.references.workers`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID of the referencing Worker.
- `name` (String) Name of the referencing Worker.



<a id="nestedatt--result--subdomain"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.subdomain`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the *.workers.dev subdomain is enabled for the Worker.
- `previews_enabled` (Boolean) Whether [preview URLs](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/previews/) are enabled for the Worker.


<a id="nestedatt--result--tail_consumers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.tail_consumers`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the consumer Worker.


