---
page_title: "cloudflare_workers_script Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_workers_script (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_workers_script" "example_workers_script" {
  account_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  script_name = "this-is_my_script-01"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) Identifier
- `filter` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))
- `script_name` (String) Name of the script, used in URLs and route configuration.

### Read-Only

- `created_on` (String) When the script was created.
- `etag` (String) Hashed script content, can be used in a If-None-Match header when updating.
- `has_assets` (Boolean) Whether a Worker contains assets.
- `has_modules` (Boolean) Whether a Worker contains modules.
- `id` (String) The id of the script in the Workers system. Usually the script name.
- `logpush` (Boolean) Whether Logpush is turned on for the Worker.
- `modified_on` (String) When the script was last modified.
- `placement` (Attributes) Configuration for [Smart Placement](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/smart-placement). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--placement))
- `placement_mode` (String) Enables [Smart Placement](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/smart-placement).
- `placement_status` (String) Status of [Smart Placement](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/smart-placement).
- `tail_consumers` (Attributes List) List of Workers that will consume logs from the attached Worker. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tail_consumers))
- `usage_model` (String) Usage model for the Worker invocations.

<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `account_id` (String) Identifier


<a id="nestedatt--placement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `placement`

Read-Only:

- `mode` (String) Enables [Smart Placement](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/smart-placement).
- `status` (String) Status of [Smart Placement](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/smart-placement).


<a id="nestedatt--tail_consumers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tail_consumers`

Read-Only:

- `environment` (String) Optional environment if the Worker utilizes one.
- `namespace` (String) Optional dispatch namespace the script belongs to.
- `service` (String) Name of Worker that is to be the consumer.


