---
page_title: "cloudflare_zero_trust_dlp_predefined_profile Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_zero_trust_dlp_predefined_profile (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_zero_trust_dlp_predefined_profile" "example_zero_trust_dlp_predefined_profile" {
  account_id = "account_id"
  profile_id = "182bd5e5-6e1a-4fe4-a799-aa6d9a6ab26e"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String)
- `profile_id` (String)

### Read-Only

- `ai_context_enabled` (Boolean)
- `allowed_match_count` (Number) Related DLP policies will trigger when the match count exceeds the number set.
- `confidence_threshold` (String) Available values: "low", "medium", "high", "very_high".
- `context_awareness` (Attributes) Scan the context of predefined entries to only return matches surrounded by keywords. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--context_awareness))
- `created_at` (String) When the profile was created
- `description` (String) The description of the profile
- `entries` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entries))
- `id` (String) The id of the profile (uuid)
- `name` (String) The name of the profile
- `ocr_enabled` (Boolean)
- `open_access` (Boolean) Whether this profile can be accessed by anyone
- `type` (String) Available values: "custom".
- `updated_at` (String) When the profile was lasted updated

<a id="nestedatt--context_awareness"></a>
### Nested Schema for `context_awareness`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) If true, scan the context of predefined entries to only return matches surrounded by keywords.
- `skip` (Attributes) Content types to exclude from context analysis and return all matches. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--context_awareness--skip))

<a id="nestedatt--context_awareness--skip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `context_awareness.skip`

Read-Only:

- `files` (Boolean) If the content type is a file, skip context analysis and return all matches.



<a id="nestedatt--entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entries`

Read-Only:

- `confidence` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entries--confidence))
- `created_at` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `pattern` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entries--pattern))
- `profile_id` (String)
- `secret` (Boolean)
- `type` (String) Available values: "custom".
- `updated_at` (String)
- `word_list` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--entries--confidence"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entries.confidence`

Read-Only:

- `ai_context_available` (Boolean) Indicates whether this entry has AI remote service validation
- `available` (Boolean) Indicates whether this entry has any form of validation that is not an AI remote service


<a id="nestedatt--entries--pattern"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entries.pattern`

Read-Only:

- `regex` (String)
- `validation` (String) Available values: "luhn".


