---
page_title: "cloudflare_zero_trust_tunnel_cloudflareds Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_zero_trust_tunnel_cloudflareds (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_zero_trust_tunnel_cloudflareds" "example_zero_trust_tunnel_cloudflareds" {
  account_id = "699d98642c564d2e855e9661899b7252"
  exclude_prefix = "vpc1-"
  existed_at = "2019-10-12T07%3A20%3A50.52Z"
  include_prefix = "vpc1-"
  is_deleted = true
  name = "blog"
  status = "healthy"
  uuid = "f70ff985-a4ef-4643-bbbc-4a0ed4fc8415"
  was_active_at = "2009-11-10T23:00:00Z"
  was_inactive_at = "2009-11-10T23:00:00Z"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Cloudflare account ID

### Optional

- `exclude_prefix` (String)
- `existed_at` (String) If provided, include only resources that were created (and not deleted) before this time. URL encoded.
- `include_prefix` (String)
- `is_deleted` (Boolean) If `true`, only include deleted tunnels. If `false`, exclude deleted tunnels. If empty, all tunnels will be included.
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `name` (String) A user-friendly name for a tunnel.
- `status` (String) The status of the tunnel. Valid values are `inactive` (tunnel has never been run), `degraded` (tunnel is active and able to serve traffic but in an unhealthy state), `healthy` (tunnel is active and able to serve traffic), or `down` (tunnel can not serve traffic as it has no connections to the Cloudflare Edge).
Available values: "inactive", "degraded", "healthy", "down".
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the tunnel.
- `was_active_at` (String)
- `was_inactive_at` (String)

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `account_tag` (String) Cloudflare account ID
- `connections` (Attributes List, Deprecated) The Cloudflare Tunnel connections between your origin and Cloudflare's edge. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--connections))
- `conns_active_at` (String) Timestamp of when the tunnel established at least one connection to Cloudflare's edge. If `null`, the tunnel is inactive.
- `conns_inactive_at` (String) Timestamp of when the tunnel became inactive (no connections to Cloudflare's edge). If `null`, the tunnel is active.
- `created_at` (String) Timestamp of when the resource was created.
- `deleted_at` (String) Timestamp of when the resource was deleted. If `null`, the resource has not been deleted.
- `id` (String) UUID of the tunnel.
- `metadata` (String) Metadata associated with the tunnel.
- `name` (String) A user-friendly name for a tunnel.
- `remote_config` (Boolean) If `true`, the tunnel can be configured remotely from the Zero Trust dashboard. If `false`, the tunnel must be configured locally on the origin machine.
- `status` (String) The status of the tunnel. Valid values are `inactive` (tunnel has never been run), `degraded` (tunnel is active and able to serve traffic but in an unhealthy state), `healthy` (tunnel is active and able to serve traffic), or `down` (tunnel can not serve traffic as it has no connections to the Cloudflare Edge).
Available values: "inactive", "degraded", "healthy", "down".
- `tun_type` (String) The type of tunnel.
Available values: "cfd_tunnel", "warp_connector", "warp", "magic", "ip_sec", "gre", "cni".

<a id="nestedatt--result--connections"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.connections`

Read-Only:

- `client_id` (String) UUID of the Cloudflare Tunnel connector.
- `client_version` (String) The cloudflared version used to establish this connection.
- `colo_name` (String) The Cloudflare data center used for this connection.
- `id` (String) UUID of the Cloudflare Tunnel connection.
- `is_pending_reconnect` (Boolean) Cloudflare continues to track connections for several minutes after they disconnect. This is an optimization to improve latency and reliability of reconnecting.  If `true`, the connection has disconnected but is still being tracked. If `false`, the connection is actively serving traffic.
- `opened_at` (String) Timestamp of when the connection was established.
- `origin_ip` (String) The public IP address of the host running cloudflared.
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the Cloudflare Tunnel connection.


