---
page_title: "cloudflare_zero_trust_access_infrastructure_target Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_zero_trust_access_infrastructure_target (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_zero_trust_access_infrastructure_target" "example_zero_trust_access_infrastructure_target" {
  account_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  target_id = "182bd5e5-6e1a-4fe4-a799-aa6d9a6ab26e"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Account identifier

### Optional

- `filter` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))
- `target_id` (String) Target identifier

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Date and time at which the target was created
- `hostname` (String) A non-unique field that refers to a target
- `id` (String) Target identifier
- `ip` (Attributes) The IPv4/IPv6 address that identifies where to reach a target (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ip))
- `modified_at` (String) Date and time at which the target was modified

<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `created_after` (String) Date and time at which the target was created after (inclusive)
- `created_before` (String) Date and time at which the target was created before (inclusive)
- `direction` (String) The sorting direction.
- `hostname` (String) Hostname of a target
- `hostname_contains` (String) Partial match to the hostname of a target
- `ip_like` (String) Filters for targets whose IP addresses look like the specified string.
Supports `*` as a wildcard character
- `ip_v4` (String) IPv4 address of the target
- `ip_v6` (String) IPv6 address of the target
- `ips` (List of String) Filters for targets that have any of the following IP addresses. Specify
`ips` multiple times in query parameter to build list of candidates.
- `ipv4_end` (String) Defines an IPv4 filter range's ending value (inclusive). Requires
`ipv4_start` to be specified as well.
- `ipv4_start` (String) Defines an IPv4 filter range's starting value (inclusive). Requires
`ipv4_end` to be specified as well.
- `ipv6_end` (String) Defines an IPv6 filter range's ending value (inclusive). Requires
`ipv6_start` to be specified as well.
- `ipv6_start` (String) Defines an IPv6 filter range's starting value (inclusive). Requires
`ipv6_end` to be specified as well.
- `modified_after` (String) Date and time at which the target was modified after (inclusive)
- `modified_before` (String) Date and time at which the target was modified before (inclusive)
- `order` (String) The field to sort by.
- `target_ids` (List of String) Filters for targets that have any of the following UUIDs. Specify
`target_ids` multiple times in query parameter to build list of
candidates.
- `virtual_network_id` (String) Private virtual network identifier of the target


<a id="nestedatt--ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip`

Read-Only:

- `ipv4` (Attributes) The target's IPv4 address (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ip--ipv4))
- `ipv6` (Attributes) The target's IPv6 address (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ip--ipv6))

<a id="nestedatt--ip--ipv4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip.ipv4`

Read-Only:

- `ip_addr` (String) IP address of the target
- `virtual_network_id` (String) (optional) Private virtual network identifier for the target. If omitted, the default virtual network ID will be used.


<a id="nestedatt--ip--ipv6"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip.ipv6`

Read-Only:

- `ip_addr` (String) IP address of the target
- `virtual_network_id` (String) (optional) Private virtual network identifier for the target. If omitted, the default virtual network ID will be used.


