---
page_title: "cloudflare_zero_trust_network_hostname_routes Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_zero_trust_network_hostname_routes (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_zero_trust_network_hostname_routes" "example_zero_trust_network_hostname_routes" {
  account_id = "699d98642c564d2e855e9661899b7252"
  id = "f70ff985-a4ef-4643-bbbc-4a0ed4fc8415"
  comment = "example%20comment"
  existed_at = "2019-10-12T07%3A20%3A50.52Z"
  hostname = "office-1.local"
  tunnel_id = "f70ff985-a4ef-4643-bbbc-4a0ed4fc8415"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Cloudflare account ID

### Optional

- `comment` (String) If set, only list hostname routes with the given comment.
- `existed_at` (String) If provided, include only resources that were created (and not deleted) before this time. URL encoded.
- `hostname` (String) If set, only list hostname routes that contain a substring of the given value, the filter is case-insensitive.
- `id` (String) The hostname route ID.
- `is_deleted` (Boolean) If `true`, only return deleted hostname routes. If `false`, exclude deleted hostname routes.
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `tunnel_id` (String) If set, only list hostname routes that point to a specific tunnel.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String) An optional description of the hostname route.
- `created_at` (String) Timestamp of when the resource was created.
- `deleted_at` (String) Timestamp of when the resource was deleted. If `null`, the resource has not been deleted.
- `hostname` (String) The hostname of the route.
- `id` (String) The hostname route ID.
- `tunnel_id` (String) UUID of the tunnel.
- `tunnel_name` (String) A user-friendly name for a tunnel.


