---
page_title: "cloudflare_zero_trust_gateway_certificates Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_zero_trust_gateway_certificates (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_zero_trust_gateway_certificates" "example_zero_trust_gateway_certificates" {
  account_id = "699d98642c564d2e855e9661899b7252"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String)

### Optional

- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `binding_status` (String) Indicate the read-only deployment status of the certificate on Cloudflare's edge. Gateway TLS interception can use certificates in the 'available' (previously called 'active') state.
Available values: "pending_deployment", "available", "pending_deletion", "inactive".
- `certificate` (String) Provide the CA certificate (read-only).
- `created_at` (String)
- `expires_on` (String)
- `fingerprint` (String) Provide the SHA256 fingerprint of the certificate (read-only).
- `id` (String) Identify the certificate with a UUID.
- `in_use` (Boolean) Indicate whether Gateway TLS interception uses this certificate (read-only). You cannot set this value directly. To configure interception, use the Gateway configuration setting named `certificate` (read-only).
- `issuer_org` (String) Indicate the organization that issued the certificate (read-only).
- `issuer_raw` (String) Provide the entire issuer field of the certificate (read-only).
- `type` (String) Indicate the read-only certificate type, BYO-PKI (custom) or Gateway-managed.
Available values: "custom", "gateway_managed".
- `updated_at` (String)
- `uploaded_on` (String)


