---
page_title: "cloudflare_zero_trust_resource_library_application Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_zero_trust_resource_library_application (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_zero_trust_resource_library_application" "example_zero_trust_resource_library_application" {
  account_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  id = "0b63249c-95bf-4cc0-a7cc-d7faaaf1dac0"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String)

### Read-Only

- `application_confidence_score` (Number) Confidence score for the application. Returns -1 when no score is available.
- `application_score_composition` (String) Returns the score composition breakdown for the application.
- `application_source` (String) Returns the application source.
- `application_type` (String) Returns the application type.
- `application_type_description` (String) Returns the application type description.
- `created_at` (String) Returns the application creation time.
- `gen_ai_score` (Number) GenAI score for the application. Returns -1 when no score is available.
- `hostnames` (List of String) Returns the list of hostnames for the application.
- `human_id` (String) Returns the human readable ID.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `intel_id` (Number) Returns the Intel API ID for the application.
- `ip_subnets` (List of String) Returns the list of IP subnets for the application.
- `name` (String) Returns the application name.
- `port_protocols` (List of String) Returns the list of port protocols for the application.
- `support_domains` (List of String) Returns the list of support domains for the application.
- `supported` (List of String) Cloudflare products that support this application.
- `updated_at` (String) Returns the application update time.
- `version` (String) Returns the application version.


