---
page_title: "cloudflare_zero_trust_tunnel_cloudflared_routes Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_zero_trust_tunnel_cloudflared_routes (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_zero_trust_tunnel_cloudflared_routes" "example_zero_trust_tunnel_cloudflared_routes" {
  account_id = "699d98642c564d2e855e9661899b7252"
  comment = "Example comment for this route."
  existed_at = "2019-10-12T07%3A20%3A50.52Z"
  is_deleted = true
  network_subset = "172.16.0.0/16"
  network_superset = "172.16.0.0/16"
  route_id = "f70ff985-a4ef-4643-bbbc-4a0ed4fc8415"
  tun_types = ["cfd_tunnel"]
  tunnel_id = "f70ff985-a4ef-4643-bbbc-4a0ed4fc8415"
  virtual_network_id = "f70ff985-a4ef-4643-bbbc-4a0ed4fc8415"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Cloudflare account ID

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Optional remark describing the route.
- `existed_at` (String) If provided, include only resources that were created (and not deleted) before this time. URL encoded.
- `is_deleted` (Boolean) If `true`, only include deleted routes. If `false`, exclude deleted routes. If empty, all routes will be included.
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `network_subset` (String) If set, only list routes that are contained within this IP range.
- `network_superset` (String) If set, only list routes that contain this IP range.
- `route_id` (String) UUID of the route.
- `tun_types` (List of String) The types of tunnels to filter by, separated by commas.
- `tunnel_id` (String) UUID of the tunnel.
- `virtual_network_id` (String) UUID of the virtual network.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String) Optional remark describing the route.
- `created_at` (String) Timestamp of when the resource was created.
- `deleted_at` (String) Timestamp of when the resource was deleted. If `null`, the resource has not been deleted.
- `id` (String) UUID of the route.
- `network` (String) The private IPv4 or IPv6 range connected by the route, in CIDR notation.
- `tun_type` (String) The type of tunnel.
Available values: "cfd_tunnel", "warp_connector", "warp", "magic", "ip_sec", "gre", "cni".
- `tunnel_id` (String) UUID of the tunnel.
- `tunnel_name` (String) A user-friendly name for a tunnel.
- `virtual_network_id` (String) UUID of the virtual network.
- `virtual_network_name` (String) A user-friendly name for the virtual network.


