---
page_title: "cloudflare_zone_dnssec Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_zone_dnssec (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_zone_dnssec" "example_zone_dnssec" {
  zone_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `zone_id` (String) Identifier.

### Read-Only

- `algorithm` (String) Algorithm key code.
- `digest` (String) Digest hash.
- `digest_algorithm` (String) Type of digest algorithm.
- `digest_type` (String) Coded type for digest algorithm.
- `dnssec_multi_signer` (Boolean) If true, multi-signer DNSSEC is enabled on the zone, allowing multiple
providers to serve a DNSSEC-signed zone at the same time.
This is required for DNSKEY records (except those automatically
generated by Cloudflare) to be added to the zone.

See [Multi-signer DNSSEC](https://developers.cloudflare.com/dns/dnssec/multi-signer-dnssec/) for details.
- `dnssec_presigned` (Boolean) If true, allows Cloudflare to transfer in a DNSSEC-signed zone
including signatures from an external provider, without requiring
Cloudflare to sign any records on the fly.

Note that this feature has some limitations.
See [Cloudflare as Secondary](https://developers.cloudflare.com/dns/zone-setups/zone-transfers/cloudflare-as-secondary/setup/#dnssec) for details.
- `dnssec_use_nsec3` (Boolean) If true, enables the use of NSEC3 together with DNSSEC on the zone.
Combined with setting dnssec_presigned to true, this enables the use of
NSEC3 records when transferring in from an external provider.
If dnssec_presigned is instead set to false (default), NSEC3 records will be
generated and signed at request time.

See [DNSSEC with NSEC3](https://developers.cloudflare.com/dns/dnssec/enable-nsec3/) for details.
- `ds` (String) Full DS record.
- `flags` (Number) Flag for DNSSEC record.
- `key_tag` (Number) Code for key tag.
- `key_type` (String) Algorithm key type.
- `modified_on` (String) When DNSSEC was last modified.
- `public_key` (String) Public key for DS record.
- `status` (String) Status of DNSSEC, based on user-desired state and presence of necessary records.
Available values: "active", "pending", "disabled", "pending-disabled", "error".


