---
page_title: "cloudflare_zone_lockdowns Data Source - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_zone_lockdowns (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudflare_zone_lockdowns" "example_zone_lockdowns" {
  zone_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  created_on = "2014-01-01T05:20:00.12345Z"
  description = "endpoints"
  description_search = "endpoints"
  ip = "1.2.3.4"
  ip_range_search = "1.2.3.0/16"
  ip_search = "1.2.3.4"
  modified_on = "2014-01-01T05:20:00.12345Z"
  priority = 5
  uri_search = "/some/path"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `zone_id` (String) Identifier

### Optional

- `created_on` (String) The timestamp of when the rule was created.
- `description` (String) A string to search for in the description of existing rules.
- `description_search` (String) A string to search for in the description of existing rules.
- `ip` (String) A single IP address to search for in existing rules.
- `ip_range_search` (String) A single IP address range to search for in existing rules.
- `ip_search` (String) A single IP address to search for in existing rules.
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `modified_on` (String) The timestamp of when the rule was last modified.
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the rule to control the processing order. A lower number indicates higher priority. If not provided, any rules with a configured priority will be processed before rules without a priority.
- `uri_search` (String) A single URI to search for in the list of URLs of existing rules.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Read-Only:

- `configurations` (Attributes List) A list of IP addresses or CIDR ranges that will be allowed to access the URLs specified in the Zone Lockdown rule. You can include any number of `ip` or `ip_range` configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--configurations))
- `created_on` (String) The timestamp of when the rule was created.
- `description` (String) An informative summary of the rule.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the Zone Lockdown rule.
- `modified_on` (String) The timestamp of when the rule was last modified.
- `paused` (Boolean) When true, indicates that the rule is currently paused.
- `urls` (List of String) The URLs to include in the rule definition. You can use wildcards. Each entered URL will be escaped before use, which means you can only use simple wildcard patterns.

<a id="nestedatt--result--configurations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.configurations`

Read-Only:

- `target` (String) The configuration target. You must set the target to `ip` when specifying an IP address in the Zone Lockdown rule.
Available values: "ip".
- `value` (String) The IP address to match. This address will be compared to the IP address of incoming requests.


