README.md, before:

# Terraform Provider

- Website: https://www.terraform.io
- [![Gitter chat](https://badges.gitter.im/hashicorp-terraform/Lobby.png)](https://gitter.im/hashicorp-terraform/Lobby)
- Mailing list: [Google Groups](http://groups.google.com/group/terraform-tool)

<img src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/hashicorp/terraform-website/master/content/source/assets/images/logo-hashicorp.svg" width="600px">

Requirements
------------

-	[Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) 0.10.x
-	[Go](https://golang.org/doc/install) 1.10 (to build the provider plugin)

## Building The Provider

Clone repository to: `$GOPATH/src/github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-cloudflare`

```sh
$ mkdir -p $GOPATH/src/github.com/terraform-providers; cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/terraform-providers
$ git clone https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-cloudflare.git
```

When it comes to building you have two options:

#### `make build` and install it globally

If you don't mind installing the development version of the provider
globally, you can use `make build` in the provider directory which will
build and link the binary into your `$GOPATH/bin` directory.

```sh
$ cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-cloudflare
$ make build
```

#### `go build` and install it local to your changes

If you would rather install the provider locally and not impact the
stable version you already have installed, you can use the
`~/.terraformrc` file to tell Terraform where your provider is. You do
this by building the provider using Go.

```sh
$ cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-cloudflare
$ go build -o terraform-provider-cloudflare
```

And then update your `~/.terraformrc` file to point at the location
you've built it.

```
providers {
  cloudflare = "${GOPATH}/src/github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-cloudflare/terraform-provider-cloudflare"
}
```

A caveat with this approach is that you will need to run `terraform
init` whenever the provider is rebuilt. You'll also need to remember to
comment it/remove it when it's not in use to avoid tripping yourself up.

## Developing the Provider

If you wish to work on the provider, you'll first need [Go](http://www.golang.org) installed on your machine (version 1.9+ is *required*). You'll also need to correctly setup a [GOPATH](http://golang.org/doc/code.html#GOPATH), as well as adding `$GOPATH/bin` to your `$PATH`.

See above for which option suits your workflow for building the provider.

In order to test the provider, you can simply run `make test`.

```sh
$ make test
```

In order to run the full suite of Acceptance tests, run `make testacc`.

*Note:* Acceptance tests create real resources, and often cost money to run.

```sh
$ make testacc
```

## Updating a vendored dependency

Terraform providers use [`govendor`][govendor] to manage the vendored
dependencies. To update a dependency, you can run `govendor fetch
<dependency_path>`. An example of updating the `cloudflare-go` library:

```
$ govendor fetch github.com/cloudflare/cloudflare-go
```

This will update the local `vendor` directory and `vendor/vendor.json`
to include the new dependencies.

[govendor]: https://github.com/kardianos/govendor

Commit message:

Move to Go Modules (#230)
Migrates to go modules and documents the dependency 
management process for the provider and how we expect 
`go mod` to be used.

Closes #206

README.md, after:

# Terraform Provider

- Website: https://www.terraform.io
- [![Gitter chat](https://badges.gitter.im/hashicorp-terraform/Lobby.png)](https://gitter.im/hashicorp-terraform/Lobby)
- Mailing list: [Google Groups](http://groups.google.com/group/terraform-tool)

<img src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/hashicorp/terraform-website/master/content/source/assets/images/logo-hashicorp.svg" width="600px">

Requirements
------------

-	[Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) 0.10.x
-	[Go](https://golang.org/doc/install) 1.11 (to build the provider plugin)

## Building The Provider

Clone repository to: `$GOPATH/src/github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-cloudflare`

```sh
$ mkdir -p $GOPATH/src/github.com/terraform-providers; cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/terraform-providers
$ git clone https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-cloudflare.git
```

When it comes to building you have two options:

#### `make build` and install it globally

If you don't mind installing the development version of the provider
globally, you can use `make build` in the provider directory which will
build and link the binary into your `$GOPATH/bin` directory.

```sh
$ cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-cloudflare
$ make build
```

#### `go build` and install it local to your changes

If you would rather install the provider locally and not impact the
stable version you already have installed, you can use the
`~/.terraformrc` file to tell Terraform where your provider is. You do
this by building the provider using Go.

```sh
$ cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-cloudflare
$ go build -o terraform-provider-cloudflare
```

And then update your `~/.terraformrc` file to point at the location
you've built it.

```
providers {
  cloudflare = "${GOPATH}/src/github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-cloudflare/terraform-provider-cloudflare"
}
```

A caveat with this approach is that you will need to run `terraform
init` whenever the provider is rebuilt. You'll also need to remember to
comment it/remove it when it's not in use to avoid tripping yourself up.

## Developing the Provider

If you wish to work on the provider, you'll first need [Go](http://www.golang.org) installed on your machine (version 1.9+ is *required*). You'll also need to correctly setup a [GOPATH](http://golang.org/doc/code.html#GOPATH), as well as adding `$GOPATH/bin` to your `$PATH`.

See above for which option suits your workflow for building the provider.

In order to test the provider, you can simply run `make test`.

```sh
$ make test
```

In order to run the full suite of Acceptance tests, run `make testacc`.

*Note:* Acceptance tests create real resources, and often cost money to run.

```sh
$ make testacc
```

## Managing dependencies

Terraform providers use [Go modules][go modules] to manage the
dependencies. To add or update a dependency, you would run the
following (`v1.2.3` of `foo` is a new package we want to add):

```
# Depending on your environment, you may need to `export GO111MODULE=on`
# before using these commands.

$ go get foo@v1.2.3
$ go mod tidy
$ go mod vendor
```

Stepping through the above commands:

- `go get foo@v1.2.3` fetches version `v1.2.3` from the source (if
    needed) and adds it to the `go.mod` file for use.
- `go mod tidy` cleans up any dangling dependencies or references that
  aren't defined in your module file.
- `go mod vendor` manages the `vendor` directory of the project. This is
  done to maintain backwards compatibility with older versions of Go
  that don't support Go modules.

(The example above will also work if you'd like to upgrade to `v1.2.3`)

If you wish to remove a dependency, you can remove the reference from
`go.mod` and use the same commands above but omit the initial `go get`.

[go modules]: https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Modules
