website/docs/r/access_rule.html.markdown, before:

---
layout: "cloudflare"
page_title: "Cloudflare: cloudflare_access_rule"
sidebar_current: "docs-cloudflare-resource-access-rule"
description: |-
  Provides a Cloudflare IP Firewall Access Rule resource.
---

# cloudflare_access_rule

Provides a Cloudflare IP Firewall Access Rule resource. Access control can be applied on basis of IP addresses, IP ranges, AS numbers or countries.

## Example Usage

```hcl
# Challenge requests coming from known Tor exit nodes.
resource "cloudflare_access_rule" "tor_exit_nodes" {
  notes = "Requests coming from known Tor exit nodes"
  mode = "challenge"
  configuration {
    target = "country"
    value = "T1"
  }
}

# Whitelist (sic!) requests coming from Antarctica, but only for single zone.
resource "cloudflare_access_rule" "antarctica" {
  notes = "Requests coming from known Tor exit nodes"
  mode = "whitelist"
  configuration {
    target = "country"
    value = "AQ"
  }
  zone = "example.com"
}

# Whitelist office's network IP ranges on all Organization's zones (or other lists of resources).
# Resulting Terraform state will be a list of resources.
provider "cloudflare" {
  # ... other provider configuration
  org_id = "d41d8cd98f00b204e9800998ecf8427e"
}
variable "my_office" {
  type = "list"
  default = ["192.0.2.0/24", "198.51.100.0/24", "2001:db8::/56"]
}
resource "cloudflare_access_rule" "office_network" {
  count = "${length(var.my_office)}"
  notes = "Requests coming from office network"
  mode = "whitelist"
  configuration {
    target = "ip_range"
    value = "${element(var.my_office, count.index)}"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `zone` - (Optional) The DNS zone to which the access rule should be added. Will be resolved to `zone_id` upon creation.
* `zone_id` - (Optional) The DNS zone to which the access rule should be added.
* `mode` - (Required) The action to apply to a matched request. Allowed values: "block", "challenge", "whitelist", "js_challenge"
* `notes` - (Optional) A personal note about the rule. Typically used as a reminder or explanation for the rule.
* `configuration` - (Required) Rule configuration to apply to a matched request. It's a complex value. See description below.

**Note:** If both `zone` and `zone_id` are empty, then access rule will be set to User's or Organization's account and apply to all their zones.

The **configuration** block supports:

* `target` - (Required) The request property to target. Allowed values: "ip", "ip_range", "asn", "country"
* `value` - (Required) The value to target. Depends on target's type.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The access rule ID.
* `zone_id` - The DNS zone ID.

## Import

Records can be imported using a composite ID formed of zone name and record ID, e.g.

```
$ terraform import cloudflare_access_rule.default d41d8cd98f00b204e9800998ecf8427e
```

where:

* `d41d8cd98f00b204e9800998ecf8427e` - access rule ID as returned by [API](https://api.cloudflare.com/#user-level-firewall-access-rule-list-access-rules)

Commit message:

Make `cloudflare_access_rule` importable for all rule types
There are currently three different levels of firewall access rules:

- `user`: Applied to a personal account
- `zone`: Applied to an account but restricted to a single zone
- `account`: Applied to all sites within an account

Prior to this commit, importing was only available for the user type
which made it unusable for organisations or users with multiple zones
that they wanted to manage.

As a result of this change, the import identifier has changed. It now
requires:

- `accessRuleType`: Either `account`, `zone` or `user` (`user is pretty
  much a noop`)
- `accessRuleIdentifier`: The ID of the access rule type you intend to
  use (`zone.id` or `account.id`).
- `identifierValue`: The access rule ID from the API.

Included here is an update to the documentation for the provider
website for the new identifier values and import usage.

Fixes #118

website/docs/r/access_rule.html.markdown, after:

---
layout: "cloudflare"
page_title: "Cloudflare: cloudflare_access_rule"
sidebar_current: "docs-cloudflare-resource-access-rule"
description: |-
  Provides a Cloudflare IP Firewall Access Rule resource.
---

# cloudflare_access_rule

Provides a Cloudflare IP Firewall Access Rule resource. Access control can be applied on basis of IP addresses, IP ranges, AS numbers or countries.

## Example Usage

```hcl
# Challenge requests coming from known Tor exit nodes.
resource "cloudflare_access_rule" "tor_exit_nodes" {
  notes = "Requests coming from known Tor exit nodes"
  mode = "challenge"
  configuration {
    target = "country"
    value = "T1"
  }
}

# Whitelist (sic!) requests coming from Antarctica, but only for single zone.
resource "cloudflare_access_rule" "antarctica" {
  notes = "Requests coming from known Tor exit nodes"
  mode = "whitelist"
  configuration {
    target = "country"
    value = "AQ"
  }
  zone = "example.com"
}

# Whitelist office's network IP ranges on all Organization's zones (or other lists of resources).
# Resulting Terraform state will be a list of resources.
provider "cloudflare" {
  # ... other provider configuration
  org_id = "d41d8cd98f00b204e9800998ecf8427e"
}
variable "my_office" {
  type = "list"
  default = ["192.0.2.0/24", "198.51.100.0/24", "2001:db8::/56"]
}
resource "cloudflare_access_rule" "office_network" {
  count = "${length(var.my_office)}"
  notes = "Requests coming from office network"
  mode = "whitelist"
  configuration {
    target = "ip_range"
    value = "${element(var.my_office, count.index)}"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `zone` - (Optional) The DNS zone to which the access rule should be added. Will be resolved to `zone_id` upon creation.
* `zone_id` - (Optional) The DNS zone to which the access rule should be added.
* `mode` - (Required) The action to apply to a matched request. Allowed values: "block", "challenge", "whitelist", "js_challenge"
* `notes` - (Optional) A personal note about the rule. Typically used as a reminder or explanation for the rule.
* `configuration` - (Required) Rule configuration to apply to a matched request. It's a complex value. See description below.

**Note:** If both `zone` and `zone_id` are empty, then access rule will be set to User's or Organization's account and apply to all their zones.

The **configuration** block supports:

* `target` - (Required) The request property to target. Allowed values: "ip", "ip_range", "asn", "country"
* `value` - (Required) The value to target. Depends on target's type.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The access rule ID.
* `zone_id` - The DNS zone ID.

## Import

Records can be imported using a composite ID formed of access rule type,
access rule type identifier and identifer value, e.g.

```
$ terraform import cloudflare_access_rule.default zone/cb029e245cfdd66dc8d2e570d5dd3322/d41d8cd98f00b204e9800998ecf8427e
```

where:

* `zone` - access rule type (`account`, `zone` or `user`)
* `cb029e245cfdd66dc8d2e570d5dd3322` - access rule type ID (i.e the zone ID
  or account ID you wish to target)
* `d41d8cd98f00b204e9800998ecf8427e` - access rule ID as returned by
  respective API endpoint for the type you are attempting to import.
