---
layout: "cloudflare"
page_title: "Cloudflare: cloudflare_access_ca_certificate"
description: Provides a Cloudflare Access CA certificate resource.
---

# cloudflare_access_ca_certificate

Cloudflare Access can replace traditional SSH key models with short-lived
certificates issued to your users based on the token generated by their Access
login.

## Example Usage

```hcl
# account level
resource "cloudflare_access_ca_certificate" "example" {
  account_id     = "1d5fdc9e88c8a8c4518b068cd94331fe"
  application_id = "6cd6cea3-3ef2-4542-9aea-85a0bbcd5414"
}

# zone level
resource "cloudflare_access_ca_certificate" "another_example" {
  zone_id        = "b6bc7eb6027c792a6bca3dc91fd2d7e0"
  application_id = "fe2be0ff-7f13-4350-8c8e-a9b9795fe3c2"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

-> **Note:** It's required that an `account_id` or `zone_id` is provided and in most cases using either is fine. However, if you're using a scoped access token, you must provide the argument that matches the token's scope. For example, an access token that is scoped to the "example.com" zone needs to use the `zone_id` argument.

- `account_id` - (Optional) The account to which the Access CA certificate should be added. Conflicts with `zone_id`.
- `zone_id` - (Optional) The DNS zone to which the Access CA certificate should be added. Conflicts with `account_id`.
- `application_id` - (Required) The Access Application ID to associate with the CA certificate.

## Attributes Reference

The following additional attributes are exported:

- `id` - ID of the CA certificate
- `aud` - Application Audience (AUD) Tag of the CA certificate
- `public_key` - Cryptographic public key of the generated CA certificate

## Import

Access CA certificates can be imported using a composite ID formed of identifer
("account" or "zone"), identifier ID and the CA certificate ID.

```
$ terraform import cloudflare_access_ca_certificate.example account/1d5fdc9e88c8a8c4518b068cd94331fe/edc1e4e24567217764b4322669c44df985dddffdf03ac781
```
