docs/resources/access_bookmark.md, before:

---
page_title: "cloudflare_access_bookmark Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Cloudflare Access Bookmark resource. Access Bookmark
  applications are not protected behind Access but are displayed in
  the App Launcher.
---

# cloudflare_access_bookmark (Resource)

Provides a Cloudflare Access Bookmark resource. Access Bookmark
applications are not protected behind Access but are displayed in
the App Launcher.

~> It's required that an `account_id` or `zone_id` is provided and in
most cases using either is fine. However, if you're using a scoped
access token, you must provide the argument that matches the token's
scope. For example, an access token that is scoped to the "example.com"
zone needs to use the `zone_id` argument.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_access_bookmark" "my_bookmark_app" {
  account_id           = "f037e56e89293a057740de681ac9abbe"
  name                 = "My Bookmark App"
  domain               = "example.com"
  logo_url             = "https://example.com/example.png"
  app_launcher_visible = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain` (String) The domain of the bookmark application. Can include subdomains, paths, or both.
- `name` (String) Name of the bookmark application.

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) The account identifier to target for the resource. Conflicts with `zone_id`.
- `app_launcher_visible` (Boolean) Option to show/hide the bookmark in the app launcher. Defaults to `true`.
- `logo_url` (String) The image URL for the logo shown in the app launcher dashboard.
- `zone_id` (String) The zone identifier to target for the resource. Conflicts with `account_id`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_access_bookmark.example <account_id>/<bookmark_id>
```

Commit message:

Deprecate Access bookmarks and update docs

docs/resources/access_bookmark.md, after:

---
page_title: "cloudflare_access_bookmark Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Cloudflare Access Bookmark resource. Access Bookmark
  applications are not protected behind Access but are displayed in
  the App Launcher.
---

# cloudflare_access_bookmark (Resource)

-> **Note:** this resource is deprecated in favor of using the
[cloudflare_access_application](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cloudflare/cloudflare/latest/docs/resources/access_application) resource.

Provides a Cloudflare Access Bookmark resource. Access Bookmark
applications are not protected behind Access but are displayed in
the App Launcher.

~> It's required that an `account_id` or `zone_id` is provided and in
most cases using either is fine. However, if you're using a scoped
access token, you must provide the argument that matches the token's
scope. For example, an access token that is scoped to the "example.com"
zone needs to use the `zone_id` argument.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_access_bookmark" "my_bookmark_app" {
  account_id           = "f037e56e89293a057740de681ac9abbe"
  name                 = "My Bookmark App"
  domain               = "example.com"
  logo_url             = "https://example.com/example.png"
  app_launcher_visible = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain` (String) The domain of the bookmark application. Can include subdomains, paths, or both.
- `name` (String) Name of the bookmark application.

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) The account identifier to target for the resource. Conflicts with `zone_id`.
- `app_launcher_visible` (Boolean) Option to show/hide the bookmark in the app launcher. Defaults to `true`.
- `logo_url` (String) The image URL for the logo shown in the app launcher dashboard.
- `zone_id` (String) The zone identifier to target for the resource. Conflicts with `account_id`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_access_bookmark.example <account_id>/<bookmark_id>
```
