---
page_title: "cloudflare_access_service_token Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  **DEPRECATED**: This resource has been deprecated and is only available for schema validation to support `removed` statements in Terraform configurations.
  
  The `cloudflare_access_service_token` resource was renamed to `cloudflare_zero_trust_access_service_token` in v5.
---

# cloudflare_access_service_token (Resource)

**DEPRECATED**: This resource has been deprecated and is only available for schema validation to support `removed` statements in Terraform configurations.

The `cloudflare_access_service_token` resource was renamed to `cloudflare_zero_trust_access_service_token` in v5.

## Migration

To migrate from `cloudflare_access_service_token` to the current resource, rename it to `cloudflare_zero_trust_access_service_token`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# This resource is deprecated and will return an error if used
resource "cloudflare_access_service_token" "example" {
  account_id = "699d98642c564d2e855e9661899b7252"
  name       = "my-service-token"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

Refer to the `cloudflare_zero_trust_access_service_token` resource for the latest schema details. This placeholder retains the following attributes for validation only:

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the service token.

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) The Account ID to use for this endpoint. Mutually exclusive with the Zone ID.
- `zone_id` (String) The Zone ID to use for this endpoint. Mutually exclusive with the Account ID.
- `duration` (String) The duration for how long the service token will be valid. Must be in the format `300ms` or `2h45m`. Valid time units are: ns, us (or µs), ms, s, m, h. The default is 1 year in hours (8760h).

### Read-Only

- `client_id` (String) The Client ID for the service token. Access will check for this value in the `CF-Access-Client-ID` request header.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The Client Secret for the service token. Access will check for this value in the `CF-Access-Client-Secret` request header.
- `expires_at` (String) Timestamp of when the resource was created.
- `id` (String) The ID of the service token. 