---
page_title: "cloudflare_access_application Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Cloudflare Access Application resource. Access
  Applications are used to restrict access to a whole application using an
  authorisation gateway managed by Cloudflare.
---

# cloudflare_access_application (Resource)

Provides a Cloudflare Access Application resource. Access
Applications are used to restrict access to a whole application using an
authorisation gateway managed by Cloudflare.

~> It's required that an `account_id` or `zone_id` is provided and in
   most cases using either is fine. However, if you're using a scoped
   access token, you must provide the argument that matches the token's
   scope. For example, an access token that is scoped to the "example.com"
   zone needs to use the `zone_id` argument.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_access_application" "staging_app" {
  zone_id                   = "0da42c8d2132a9ddaf714f9e7c920711"
  name                      = "staging application"
  domain                    = "staging.example.com"
  type                      = "self_hosted"
  session_duration          = "24h"
  auto_redirect_to_identity = false
  policies                  = [
      cloudflare_access_policy.example_1.id,
      cloudflare_access_policy.example_2.id
  ]
}

# With CORS configuration
resource "cloudflare_access_application" "staging_app" {
  zone_id          = "0da42c8d2132a9ddaf714f9e7c920711"
  name             = "staging application"
  domain           = "staging.example.com"
  type             = "self_hosted"
  session_duration = "24h"
  policies         = [
      cloudflare_access_policy.example_1.id,
      cloudflare_access_policy.example_2.id
  ]
  cors_headers {
    allowed_methods   = ["GET", "POST", "OPTIONS"]
    allowed_origins   = ["https://example.com"]
    allow_credentials = true
    max_age           = 10
  }
}

# Infrastructure application configuration
resource "cloudflare_zero_trust_access_application" "infra-app-example" {
  account_id = "0da42c8d2132a9ddaf714f9e7c920711"
  name       = "infra-app"
  type       = "infrastructure"
  
  target_criteria {
    port     = 22
    protocol = "SSH"
    target_attributes {
      name = "hostname"
      values = ["tfgo-tests-useast", "tfgo-tests-uswest"]
    }
  }

  # specify existing access policies by id
  policies = []
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) The account identifier to target for the resource. Conflicts with `zone_id`.
- `allow_authenticate_via_warp` (Boolean) When set to true, users can authenticate to this application using their WARP session. When set to false this application will always require direct IdP authentication. This setting always overrides the organization setting for WARP authentication.
- `allowed_idps` (Set of String) The identity providers selected for the application.
- `app_launcher_logo_url` (String) The logo URL of the app launcher.
- `app_launcher_visible` (Boolean) Option to show/hide applications in App Launcher. Defaults to `true`.
- `auto_redirect_to_identity` (Boolean) Option to skip identity provider selection if only one is configured in `allowed_idps`. Defaults to `false`.
- `bg_color` (String) The background color of the app launcher.
- `cors_headers` (Block List) CORS configuration for the Access Application. See below for reference structure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cors_headers))
- `custom_deny_message` (String) Option that returns a custom error message when a user is denied access to the application.
- `custom_deny_url` (String) Option that redirects to a custom URL when a user is denied access to the application via identity based rules.
- `custom_non_identity_deny_url` (String) Option that redirects to a custom URL when a user is denied access to the application via non identity rules.
- `custom_pages` (Set of String) The custom pages selected for the application.
- `domain` (String) The primary hostname and path that Access will secure. If the app is visible in the App Launcher dashboard, this is the domain that will be displayed.
- `enable_binding_cookie` (Boolean) Option to provide increased security against compromised authorization tokens and CSRF attacks by requiring an additional "binding" cookie on requests. Defaults to `false`.
- `footer_links` (Block Set) The footer links of the app launcher. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--footer_links))
- `header_bg_color` (String) The background color of the header bar in the app launcher.
- `http_only_cookie_attribute` (Boolean) Option to add the `HttpOnly` cookie flag to access tokens.
- `landing_page_design` (Block List, Max: 1) The landing page design of the app launcher. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--landing_page_design))
- `logo_url` (String) Image URL for the logo shown in the app launcher dashboard.
- `name` (String) Friendly name of the Access Application.
- `options_preflight_bypass` (Boolean) Allows options preflight requests to bypass Access authentication and go directly to the origin. Cannot turn on if cors_headers is set. Defaults to `false`.
- `policies` (List of String) The policies associated with the application, in ascending order of precedence. Warning: Do not use this field while you still have this application ID referenced as `application_id` in any `cloudflare_access_policy` resource, as it can result in an inconsistent state.
- `saas_app` (Block List, Max: 1) SaaS configuration for the Access Application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--saas_app))
- `same_site_cookie_attribute` (String) Defines the same-site cookie setting for access tokens. Available values: `none`, `lax`, `strict`.
- `scim_config` (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration for provisioning to this application via SCIM. This is currently in closed beta. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scim_config))
- `self_hosted_domains` (Set of String) List of domains that access will secure. Only present for self_hosted, vnc, and ssh applications. Always includes the value set as `domain`.
- `service_auth_401_redirect` (Boolean) Option to return a 401 status code in service authentication rules on failed requests. Defaults to `false`.
- `session_duration` (String) How often a user will be forced to re-authorise. Must be in the format `48h` or `2h45m`. Defaults to `24h`.
- `skip_app_launcher_login_page` (Boolean) Option to skip the App Launcher landing page. Defaults to `false`.
- `skip_interstitial` (Boolean) Option to skip the authorization interstitial when using the CLI. Defaults to `false`.
- `tags` (Set of String) The itags associated with the application.
- `target_criteria` (Block List) A list of mappings to apply to SCIM resources before provisioning them in this application. These can transform or filter the resources to be provisioned. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--target_criteria))
- `type` (String) The application type. Available values: `app_launcher`, `bookmark`, `biso`, `dash_sso`, `saas`, `self_hosted`, `ssh`, `vnc`, `warp`, `infrastructure`. Defaults to `self_hosted`.
- `zone_id` (String) The zone identifier to target for the resource. Conflicts with `account_id`.

### Read-Only

- `aud` (String) Application Audience (AUD) Tag of the application.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--cors_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cors_headers`

Optional:

- `allow_all_headers` (Boolean) Value to determine whether all HTTP headers are exposed.
- `allow_all_methods` (Boolean) Value to determine whether all methods are exposed.
- `allow_all_origins` (Boolean) Value to determine whether all origins are permitted to make CORS requests.
- `allow_credentials` (Boolean) Value to determine if credentials (cookies, authorization headers, or TLS client certificates) are included with requests.
- `allowed_headers` (Set of String) List of HTTP headers to expose via CORS.
- `allowed_methods` (Set of String) List of methods to expose via CORS.
- `allowed_origins` (Set of String) List of origins permitted to make CORS requests.
- `max_age` (Number) The maximum time a preflight request will be cached.


<a id="nestedblock--footer_links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `footer_links`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the footer link.
- `url` (String) The URL of the footer link.


<a id="nestedblock--landing_page_design"></a>
### Nested Schema for `landing_page_design`

Optional:

- `button_color` (String) The button color of the landing page.
- `button_text_color` (String) The button text color of the landing page.
- `image_url` (String) The URL of the image to be displayed in the landing page.
- `message` (String) The message of the landing page.
- `title` (String) The title of the landing page.


<a id="nestedblock--saas_app"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saas_app`

Optional:

- `access_token_lifetime` (String) The lifetime of the Access Token after creation. Valid units are `m` and `h`. Must be greater than or equal to 1m and less than or equal to 24h.
- `allow_pkce_without_client_secret` (Boolean) Allow PKCE flow without a client secret.
- `app_launcher_url` (String) The URL where this applications tile redirects users.
- `auth_type` (String) **Modifying this attribute will force creation of a new resource.**
- `consumer_service_url` (String) The service provider's endpoint that is responsible for receiving and parsing a SAML assertion.
- `custom_attribute` (Block List) Custom attribute mapped from IDPs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--saas_app--custom_attribute))
- `custom_claim` (Block List) Custom claim mapped from IDPs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--saas_app--custom_claim))
- `default_relay_state` (String) The relay state used if not provided by the identity provider.
- `grant_types` (Set of String) The OIDC flows supported by this application.
- `group_filter_regex` (String) A regex to filter Cloudflare groups returned in ID token and userinfo endpoint.
- `hybrid_and_implicit_options` (Block List, Max: 1) Hybrid and Implicit Flow options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--saas_app--hybrid_and_implicit_options))
- `name_id_format` (String) The format of the name identifier sent to the SaaS application.
- `name_id_transform_jsonata` (String) A [JSONata](https://jsonata.org/) expression that transforms an application's user identities into a NameID value for its SAML assertion. This expression should evaluate to a singular string. The output of this expression can override the `name_id_format` setting.
- `redirect_uris` (Set of String) The permitted URL's for Cloudflare to return Authorization codes and Access/ID tokens.
- `refresh_token_options` (Block List) Refresh token grant options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--saas_app--refresh_token_options))
- `saml_attribute_transform_jsonata` (String) A [JSONata](https://jsonata.org/) expression that transforms an application's user identities into attribute assertions in the SAML response. The expression can transform id, email, name, and groups values. It can also transform fields listed in the saml_attributes or oidc_fields of the identity provider used to authenticate. The output of this expression must be a JSON object.
- `scopes` (Set of String) Define the user information shared with access.
- `sp_entity_id` (String) A globally unique name for an identity or service provider.

Read-Only:

- `client_id` (String) The application client id.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The application client secret, only returned on initial apply.
- `idp_entity_id` (String) The unique identifier for the SaaS application.
- `public_key` (String) The public certificate that will be used to verify identities.
- `sso_endpoint` (String) The endpoint where the SaaS application will send login requests.

<a id="nestedblock--saas_app--custom_attribute"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saas_app.custom_attribute`

Required:

- `source` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--saas_app--custom_attribute--source))

Optional:

- `friendly_name` (String) A friendly name for the attribute as provided to the SaaS app.
- `name` (String) The name of the attribute as provided to the SaaS app.
- `name_format` (String) A globally unique name for an identity or service provider.
- `required` (Boolean) True if the attribute must be always present.

<a id="nestedblock--saas_app--custom_attribute--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saas_app.custom_attribute.source`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the attribute as provided by the IDP.

Optional:

- `name_by_idp` (Map of String) A mapping from IdP ID to claim name.



<a id="nestedblock--saas_app--custom_claim"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saas_app.custom_claim`

Required:

- `source` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--saas_app--custom_claim--source))

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the attribute as provided to the SaaS app.
- `required` (Boolean) True if the attribute must be always present.
- `scope` (String) The scope of the claim.

<a id="nestedblock--saas_app--custom_claim--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saas_app.custom_claim.source`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the attribute as provided by the IDP.

Optional:

- `name_by_idp` (Map of String) A mapping from IdP ID to claim name.



<a id="nestedblock--saas_app--hybrid_and_implicit_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saas_app.hybrid_and_implicit_options`

Optional:

- `return_access_token_from_authorization_endpoint` (Boolean) If true, the authorization endpoint will return an access token.
- `return_id_token_from_authorization_endpoint` (Boolean) If true, the authorization endpoint will return an id token.


<a id="nestedblock--saas_app--refresh_token_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saas_app.refresh_token_options`

Optional:

- `lifetime` (String) How long a refresh token will be valid for after creation. Valid units are `m`, `h` and `d`. Must be longer than 1m.



<a id="nestedblock--scim_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scim_config`

Required:

- `idp_uid` (String) The UID of the IdP to use as the source for SCIM resources to provision to this application.
- `remote_uri` (String) The base URI for the application's SCIM-compatible API.

Optional:

- `authentication` (Block List, Max: 1) Attributes for configuring HTTP Basic, OAuth Bearer token, or OAuth 2 authentication schemes for SCIM provisioning to an application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scim_config--authentication))
- `deactivate_on_delete` (Boolean) If false, propagates DELETE requests to the target application for SCIM resources. If true, sets 'active' to false on the SCIM resource. Note: Some targets do not support DELETE operations.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether SCIM provisioning is turned on for this application.
- `mappings` (Block List) A list of mappings to apply to SCIM resources before provisioning them in this application. These can transform or filter the resources to be provisioned. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scim_config--mappings))

<a id="nestedblock--scim_config--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scim_config.authentication`

Required:

- `scheme` (String) The authentication scheme to use when making SCIM requests to this application.

Optional:

- `authorization_url` (String) URL used to generate the auth code used during token generation. Required when using `scim_config.0.authentication.0.client_secret`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.client_id`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.token_url`. Conflicts with `scim_config.0.authentication.0.user`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.password`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.token`.
- `client_id` (String) Client ID used to authenticate when generating a token for authenticating with the remote SCIM service. Required when using `scim_config.0.authentication.0.client_secret`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.authorization_url`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.token_url`. Conflicts with `scim_config.0.authentication.0.user`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.password`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.token`.
- `client_secret` (String) Secret used to authenticate when generating a token for authenticating with the remove SCIM service. Required when using `scim_config.0.authentication.0.client_id`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.authorization_url`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.token_url`. Conflicts with `scim_config.0.authentication.0.user`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.password`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.token`.
- `password` (String) Required when using `scim_config.0.authentication.0.user`. Conflicts with `scim_config.0.authentication.0.token`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.client_id`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.client_secret`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.authorization_url`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.token_url`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.scopes`.
- `scopes` (Set of String) The authorization scopes to request when generating the token used to authenticate with the remove SCIM service. Conflicts with `scim_config.0.authentication.0.user`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.password`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.token`.
- `token` (String) Token used to authenticate with the remote SCIM service. Conflicts with `scim_config.0.authentication.0.user`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.password`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.client_id`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.client_secret`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.authorization_url`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.token_url`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.scopes`.
- `token_url` (String) URL used to generate the token used to authenticate with the remote SCIM service. Required when using `scim_config.0.authentication.0.client_secret`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.authorization_url`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.client_id`. Conflicts with `scim_config.0.authentication.0.user`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.password`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.token`.
- `user` (String) User name used to authenticate with the remote SCIM service. Required when using `scim_config.0.authentication.0.password`. Conflicts with `scim_config.0.authentication.0.token`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.client_id`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.client_secret`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.authorization_url`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.token_url`, `scim_config.0.authentication.0.scopes`.


<a id="nestedblock--scim_config--mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scim_config.mappings`

Required:

- `schema` (String) Which SCIM resource type this mapping applies to.

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not this mapping is enabled.
- `filter` (String) A [SCIM filter expression](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7644#section-3.4.2.2) that matches resources that should be provisioned to this application.
- `operations` (Block List, Max: 1) Whether or not this mapping applies to creates, updates, or deletes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scim_config--mappings--operations))
- `transform_jsonata` (String) A [JSONata](https://jsonata.org/) expression that transforms the resource before provisioning it in the application.

<a id="nestedblock--scim_config--mappings--operations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scim_config.mappings.operations`

Optional:

- `create` (Boolean) Whether or not this mapping applies to create (POST) operations.
- `delete` (Boolean) Whether or not this mapping applies to DELETE operations.
- `update` (Boolean) Whether or not this mapping applies to update (PATCH/PUT) operations.




<a id="nestedblock--target_criteria"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_criteria`

Required:

- `port` (Number) The port that the targets use for the chosen communication protocol. A port cannot be assigned to multiple protocols.
- `protocol` (String) The communication protocol your application secures.
- `target_attributes` (Block List, Min: 1) Contains a map of target attribute keys to target attribute values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--target_criteria--target_attributes))

<a id="nestedblock--target_criteria--target_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_criteria.target_attributes`

Required:

- `name` (String) The key of the attribute.
- `values` (List of String) The values of the attribute.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_access_application.example <account_id>/<application_id>
```
