---
page_title: "cloudflare_access_rule Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_access_rule (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_access_rule" "example_access_rule" {
  configuration = {
    target = "ip"
    value = "198.51.100.4"
  }
  mode = "challenge"
  zone_id = "zone_id"
  notes = "This rule is enabled because of an event that occurred on date X."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration` (Attributes) The rule configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `mode` (String) The action to apply to a matched request.
Available values: "block", "challenge", "whitelist", "js_challenge", "managed_challenge".

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) The Account ID to use for this endpoint. Mutually exclusive with the Zone ID.
- `notes` (String) An informative summary of the rule, typically used as a reminder or explanation.
- `zone_id` (String) The Zone ID to use for this endpoint. Mutually exclusive with the Account ID.

### Read-Only

- `allowed_modes` (List of String) The available actions that a rule can apply to a matched request.
- `created_on` (String) The timestamp of when the rule was created.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the IP Access rule.
- `modified_on` (String) The timestamp of when the rule was last modified.
- `scope` (Attributes) All zones owned by the user will have the rule applied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scope))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Optional:

- `target` (String) The configuration target. You must set the target to `ip` when specifying an IP address in the rule.
Available values: "ip".
- `value` (String) The IP address to match. This address will be compared to the IP address of incoming requests.


<a id="nestedatt--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String) The contact email address of the user.
- `id` (String) Defines an identifier.
- `type` (String) Defines the scope of the rule.
Available values: "user", "organization".

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_access_rule.example '<{accounts|zones}/{account_id|zone_id}>/<rule_id>'
```
