docs/resources/account_member.md, before:

---
page_title: "cloudflare_account_member Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a resource which manages Cloudflare account members.
---

# cloudflare_account_member (Resource)

Provides a resource which manages Cloudflare account members.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_account_member" "example_user" {
  email_address = "user@example.com"
  role_ids = [
    "68b329da9893e34099c7d8ad5cb9c940",
    "d784fa8b6d98d27699781bd9a7cf19f0"
  ]
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `email_address` (String) The email address of the user who you wish to manage. Following creation, this field becomes read only via the API and cannot be updated.
- `role_ids` (Set of String) List of account role IDs that you want to assign to a member.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_account_member.example <account_id>/<member_id>
```

Commit message:

resource/cloudflare_account_member: add support for `account_id`
Relates to #1646

docs/resources/account_member.md, after:

---
page_title: "cloudflare_account_member Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a resource which manages Cloudflare account members.
---

# cloudflare_account_member (Resource)

Provides a resource which manages Cloudflare account members.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_account_member" "example_user" {
  email_address = "user@example.com"
  role_ids = [
    "68b329da9893e34099c7d8ad5cb9c940",
    "d784fa8b6d98d27699781bd9a7cf19f0"
  ]
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `email_address` (String) The email address of the user who you wish to manage. Following creation, this field becomes read only via the API and cannot be updated.
- `role_ids` (Set of String) List of account role IDs that you want to assign to a member.

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) Account ID to create the account member in.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_account_member.example <account_id>/<member_id>
```
