---
page_title: "cloudflare_account Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_account (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_account" "example" {
  name              = "some-enterprise-account"
  type              = "enterprise"
  enforce_twofactor = true
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Account name
- `type` (String) the type of account being created. For self-serve customers, use standard. for enterprise customers, use enterprise.

### Optional

- `settings` (Attributes) Account settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings))
- `unit` (Attributes) information related to the tenant unit, and optionally, an id of the unit to create the account on. see https://developers.cloudflare.com/tenant/how-to/manage-accounts/ (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--unit))

### Read-Only

- `created_on` (String) Timestamp for the creation of the account
- `id` (String) Identifier

<a id="nestedatt--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings`

Optional:

- `abuse_contact_email` (String) Sets an abuse contact email to notify for abuse reports.
- `default_nameservers` (String) Specifies the default nameservers to be used for new zones added to this account.

- `cloudflare.standard` for Cloudflare-branded nameservers
- `custom.account` for account custom nameservers
- `custom.tenant` for tenant custom nameservers

See [Custom Nameservers](https://developers.cloudflare.com/dns/additional-options/custom-nameservers/)
for more information.

Deprecated in favor of [DNS Settings](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/operations/dns-settings-for-an-account-update-dns-settings).
- `enforce_twofactor` (Boolean) Indicates whether membership in this account requires that
Two-Factor Authentication is enabled
- `use_account_custom_ns_by_default` (Boolean) Indicates whether new zones should use the account-level custom
nameservers by default.

Deprecated in favor of [DNS Settings](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/operations/dns-settings-for-an-account-update-dns-settings).


<a id="nestedatt--unit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `unit`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Tenant unit ID

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_account.example <account_id>
```
