---
page_title: "cloudflare_account_member Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_account_member (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_account_member" "example_account_member" {
  account_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  email = "user@example.com"
  roles = ["3536bcfad5faccb999b47003c79917fb"]
  status = "accepted"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Account identifier tag.
- `email` (String) The contact email address of the user.

### Optional

- `policies` (Attributes List) Array of policies associated with this member. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies))
- `roles` (List of String) Array of roles associated with this member.
- `status` (String) Available values: "accepted", "pending".

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Membership identifier tag.
- `user` (Attributes) Details of the user associated to the membership. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user))

<a id="nestedatt--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies`

Required:

- `access` (String) Allow or deny operations against the resources.
Available values: "allow", "deny".
- `permission_groups` (Attributes List) A set of permission groups that are specified to the policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--permission_groups))
- `resource_groups` (Attributes List) A list of resource groups that the policy applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--resource_groups))

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Policy identifier.

<a id="nestedatt--policies--permission_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.permission_groups`

Required:

- `id` (String) Identifier of the group.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--resource_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.resource_groups`

Required:

- `id` (String) Identifier of the group.



<a id="nestedatt--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String) The contact email address of the user.
- `first_name` (String) User's first name
- `id` (String) Identifier
- `last_name` (String) User's last name
- `two_factor_authentication_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether two-factor authentication is enabled for the user account. Does not apply to API authentication.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_account_member.example '<account_id>/<member_id>'
```
