---
page_title: "cloudflare_address_map Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_address_map (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_address_map" "example" {
  account_id  = "f037e56e89293a057740de681ac9abbe"
  description = "My address map"
  default_sni = "*.example.com"
  enabled     = true

  ips = [{ ip = "192.0.2.1" },
    {
      ip = "203.0.113.1"
  }]

  memberships = [{
    identifier = "92f17202ed8bd63d69a66b86a49a8f6b"
    kind       = "account"
    },
    {
      identifier = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
      kind       = "zone"
  }]
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Identifier

### Optional

- `default_sni` (String) If you have legacy TLS clients which do not send the TLS server name indicator, then you can specify one default SNI on the map. If Cloudflare receives a TLS handshake from a client without an SNI, it will respond with the default SNI on those IPs. The default SNI can be any valid zone or subdomain owned by the account.
- `description` (String) An optional description field which may be used to describe the types of IPs or zones on the map.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the Address Map is enabled or not. Cloudflare's DNS will not respond with IP addresses on an Address Map until the map is enabled.
- `ips` (List of String)
- `memberships` (Attributes List) Zones and Accounts which will be assigned IPs on this Address Map. A zone membership will take priority over an account membership. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--memberships))

### Read-Only

- `can_delete` (Boolean) If set to false, then the Address Map cannot be deleted via API. This is true for Cloudflare-managed maps.
- `can_modify_ips` (Boolean) If set to false, then the IPs on the Address Map cannot be modified via the API. This is true for Cloudflare-managed maps.
- `created_at` (String)
- `errors` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--errors))
- `id` (String) Identifier
- `messages` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--messages))
- `modified_at` (String)
- `result_info` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result_info))
- `success` (Boolean) Whether the API call was successful

<a id="nestedatt--memberships"></a>
### Nested Schema for `memberships`

Optional:

- `identifier` (String) The identifier for the membership (eg. a zone or account tag).
- `kind` (String) The type of the membership.

Read-Only:

- `can_delete` (Boolean) Controls whether the membership can be deleted via the API or not.
- `created_at` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--errors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `errors`

Read-Only:

- `code` (Number)
- `message` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--messages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `messages`

Read-Only:

- `code` (Number)
- `message` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--result_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result_info`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number) Total number of results for the requested service
- `page` (Number) Current page within paginated list of results
- `per_page` (Number) Number of results per page of results
- `total_count` (Number) Total results available without any search parameters

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_address_map.example <account_id>/<address_map_id>
```
