---
page_title: "cloudflare_api_shield_schema Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_api_shield_schema (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_api_shield_schema" "petstore_schema" {
  zone_id            = "0da42c8d2132a9ddaf714f9e7c920711"
  name               = "myschema"
  kind               = "openapi_v3" # optional
  validation_enabled = true         # optional, default false
  source             = file("./schemas/petstore.json")
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `file` (String) Schema file bytes
- `kind` (String) Kind of schema
- `zone_id` (String) Identifier

### Optional

- `name` (String) Name of the schema
- `schema_id` (String)
- `validation_enabled` (String) Flag whether schema is enabled for validation.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String)
- `errors` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--errors))
- `messages` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--messages))
- `schema` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schema))
- `source` (String) Source of the schema
- `success` (Boolean) Whether the API call was successful
- `upload_details` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upload_details))

<a id="nestedatt--errors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `errors`

Read-Only:

- `code` (Number)
- `message` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--messages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `messages`

Read-Only:

- `code` (Number)
- `message` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schema`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String)
- `kind` (String) Kind of schema
- `name` (String) Name of the schema
- `schema_id` (String) UUID
- `source` (String) Source of the schema
- `validation_enabled` (Boolean) Flag whether schema is enabled for validation.


<a id="nestedatt--upload_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upload_details`

Read-Only:

- `warnings` (Attributes List) Diagnostic warning events that occurred during processing. These events are non-critical errors found within the schema. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upload_details--warnings))

<a id="nestedatt--upload_details--warnings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upload_details.warnings`

Read-Only:

- `code` (Number) Code that identifies the event that occurred.
- `locations` (List of String) JSONPath location(s) in the schema where these events were encountered.  See [https://goessner.net/articles/JsonPath/](https://goessner.net/articles/JsonPath/) for JSONPath specification.
- `message` (String) Diagnostic message that describes the event.


