---
page_title: "cloudflare_byo_ip_prefix Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_byo_ip_prefix (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_byo_ip_prefix" "example" {
  account_id    = "f037e56e89293a057740de681ac9abbe"
  prefix_id     = "d41d8cd98f00b204e9800998ecf8427e"
  description   = "Example IP Prefix"
  advertisement = "on"
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Identifier
- `asn` (Number) Autonomous System Number (ASN) the prefix will be advertised under.
- `cidr` (String) IP Prefix in Classless Inter-Domain Routing format.
- `loa_document_id` (String) Identifier for the uploaded LOA document.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the prefix.

### Read-Only

- `advertised` (Boolean) Prefix advertisement status to the Internet. This field is only not 'null' if on demand is enabled.
- `advertised_modified_at` (String) Last time the advertisement status was changed. This field is only not 'null' if on demand is enabled.
- `approved` (String) Approval state of the prefix (P = pending, V = active).
- `created_at` (String)
- `errors` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--errors))
- `id` (String) Identifier
- `messages` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--messages))
- `modified_at` (String)
- `on_demand_enabled` (Boolean) Whether advertisement of the prefix to the Internet may be dynamically enabled or disabled.
- `on_demand_locked` (Boolean) Whether advertisement status of the prefix is locked, meaning it cannot be changed.
- `result_info` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result_info))
- `success` (Boolean) Whether the API call was successful

<a id="nestedatt--errors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `errors`

Read-Only:

- `code` (Number)
- `message` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--messages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `messages`

Read-Only:

- `code` (Number)
- `message` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--result_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result_info`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number) Total number of results for the requested service
- `page` (Number) Current page within paginated list of results
- `per_page` (Number) Number of results per page of results
- `total_count` (Number) Total results available without any search parameters

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_byo_ip_prefix.example <account_id>/<prefix_id>
```
