docs/resources/byo_ip_prefix.md, before:

---
layout: "cloudflare"
page_title: "Cloudflare: cloudflare_byo_ip_prefix"
description: Provides the ability to manage Bring-Your-Own-IP prefixes (BYOIP) which are used with or without Magic Transit.
---

# cloudflare_byo_ip_prefix

Provides the ability to manage Bring-Your-Own-IP prefixes (BYOIP) which are used with or without Magic Transit.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "cloudflare_byo_ip_prefix" "example" {
    prefix_id = "d41d8cd98f00b204e9800998ecf8427e"
    description = "Example IP Prefix"
    advertisement = "on"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `prefix_id` - (Required) The assigned Bring-Your-Own-IP prefix ID.
- `description` - (Optional) The description of the prefix.
- `advertisement` - (Optional) Whether or not the prefix shall be announced. A prefix can be activated or deactivated once every 15 minutes (attempting more regular updates will trigger rate limiting). Valid values: `on` or `off`.

## Import

The current settings for Bring-Your-Own-IP prefixes can be imported using the prefix ID.

```
$ terraform import cloudflare_byo_ip_prefix.example d41d8cd98f00b204e9800998ecf8427e
```

Commit message:

resource/cloudflare_byo_ip_prefix: swap to autogen docs

docs/resources/byo_ip_prefix.md, after:

---
page_title: "cloudflare_byo_ip_prefix Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides the ability to manage Bring-Your-Own-IP prefixes (BYOIP)
  which are used with or without Magic Transit.
---

# cloudflare_byo_ip_prefix (Resource)

Provides the ability to manage Bring-Your-Own-IP prefixes (BYOIP)
which are used with or without Magic Transit.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_byo_ip_prefix" "example" {
  account_id    = "f037e56e89293a057740de681ac9abbe"
  prefix_id     = "d41d8cd98f00b204e9800998ecf8427e"
  description   = "Example IP Prefix"
  advertisement = "on"
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) The account identifier to target for the resource.
- `prefix_id` (String) The assigned Bring-Your-Own-IP prefix ID.

### Optional

- `advertisement` (String) Whether or not the prefix shall be announced. A prefix can be activated or deactivated once every 15 minutes (attempting more regular updates will trigger rate limiting). Available values: `on`, `off`.
- `description` (String) Description of the BYO IP prefix.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_byo_ip_prefix.example <account_id>/<prefix_id>
```
