docs/resources/custom_hostname.md, before:

---
page_title: "cloudflare_custom_hostname Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Cloudflare custom hostname (also known as SSL for SaaS) resource.
---

# cloudflare_custom_hostname (Resource)

Provides a Cloudflare custom hostname (also known as SSL for SaaS) resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_custom_hostname" "example" {
  zone_id  = "0da42c8d2132a9ddaf714f9e7c920711"
  hostname = "hostname.example.com"
  ssl {
    method = "txt"
  }
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `hostname` (String) Hostname you intend to request a certificate for.
- `zone_id` (String) The zone identifier to target for the resource.

### Optional

- `custom_origin_server` (String) The custom origin server used for certificates.
- `custom_origin_sni` (String) The [custom origin SNI](https://developers.cloudflare.com/ssl/ssl-for-saas/hostname-specific-behavior/custom-origin) used for certificates.
- `ssl` (Block List) SSL configuration of the certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ssl))
- `wait_for_active_status` (Boolean) Whether to wait for a custom hostname to reach `active` state during creation. Defaults to `false`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `ownership_verification` (Map of String)
- `ownership_verification_http` (Map of String)
- `status` (String) Status of the certificate.

<a id="nestedblock--ssl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssl`

Optional:

- `certificate_authority` (String)
- `custom_certificate` (String) If a custom uploaded certificate is used.
- `custom_key` (String) The key for a custom uploaded certificate.
- `method` (String) Domain control validation (DCV) method used for this hostname. Available values: `http`, `txt`, `email`.
- `settings` (Block List) SSL/TLS settings for the certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ssl--settings))
- `type` (String) Level of validation to be used for this hostname. Available values: `dv`. Defaults to `dv`.
- `wildcard` (Boolean) Indicates whether the certificate covers a wildcard.

Read-Only:

- `status` (String)
- `validation_errors` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ssl--validation_errors))
- `validation_records` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ssl--validation_records))

<a id="nestedblock--ssl--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssl.settings`

Optional:

- `ciphers` (Set of String) List of SSL/TLS ciphers to associate with this certificate.
- `early_hints` (String) Whether early hints should be supported. Available values: `on`, `off`.
- `http2` (String) Whether HTTP2 should be supported. Available values: `on`, `off`.
- `min_tls_version` (String) Lowest version of TLS this certificate should support. Available values: `1.0`, `1.1`, `1.2`, `1.3`.
- `tls13` (String) Whether TLSv1.3 should be supported. Available values: `on`, `off`.


<a id="nestedatt--ssl--validation_errors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssl.validation_errors`

Read-Only:

- `message` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ssl--validation_records"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssl.validation_records`

Read-Only:

- `cname_name` (String)
- `cname_target` (String)
- `emails` (List of String)
- `http_body` (String)
- `http_url` (String)
- `txt_name` (String)
- `txt_value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_custom_hostname.example 1d5fdc9e88c8a8c4518b068cd94331fe/0d89c70d-ad9f-4843-b99f-6cc0252067e9
```

Commit message:

update to ssl pending verification check

docs/resources/custom_hostname.md, after:

---
page_title: "cloudflare_custom_hostname Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Cloudflare custom hostname (also known as SSL for SaaS) resource.
---

# cloudflare_custom_hostname (Resource)

Provides a Cloudflare custom hostname (also known as SSL for SaaS) resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_custom_hostname" "example" {
  zone_id  = "0da42c8d2132a9ddaf714f9e7c920711"
  hostname = "hostname.example.com"
  ssl {
    method = "txt"
  }
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `hostname` (String) Hostname you intend to request a certificate for.
- `zone_id` (String) The zone identifier to target for the resource.

### Optional

- `custom_origin_server` (String) The custom origin server used for certificates.
- `custom_origin_sni` (String) The [custom origin SNI](https://developers.cloudflare.com/ssl/ssl-for-saas/hostname-specific-behavior/custom-origin) used for certificates.
- `ssl` (Block List) SSL configuration of the certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ssl))
- `wait_for_ssl_pending_validation` (Boolean) Whether or not to wait for a custom hostname SSL sub-object to reach status `pending_validation` during creation. Defaults to `false`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `ownership_verification` (Map of String)
- `ownership_verification_http` (Map of String)
- `status` (String) Status of the certificate.

<a id="nestedblock--ssl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssl`

Optional:

- `certificate_authority` (String)
- `custom_certificate` (String) If a custom uploaded certificate is used.
- `custom_key` (String) The key for a custom uploaded certificate.
- `method` (String) Domain control validation (DCV) method used for this hostname. Available values: `http`, `txt`, `email`.
- `settings` (Block List) SSL/TLS settings for the certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ssl--settings))
- `type` (String) Level of validation to be used for this hostname. Available values: `dv`. Defaults to `dv`.
- `wildcard` (Boolean) Indicates whether the certificate covers a wildcard.

Read-Only:

- `status` (String)
- `validation_errors` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ssl--validation_errors))
- `validation_records` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ssl--validation_records))

<a id="nestedblock--ssl--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssl.settings`

Optional:

- `ciphers` (Set of String) List of SSL/TLS ciphers to associate with this certificate.
- `early_hints` (String) Whether early hints should be supported. Available values: `on`, `off`.
- `http2` (String) Whether HTTP2 should be supported. Available values: `on`, `off`.
- `min_tls_version` (String) Lowest version of TLS this certificate should support. Available values: `1.0`, `1.1`, `1.2`, `1.3`.
- `tls13` (String) Whether TLSv1.3 should be supported. Available values: `on`, `off`.


<a id="nestedatt--ssl--validation_errors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssl.validation_errors`

Read-Only:

- `message` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ssl--validation_records"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssl.validation_records`

Read-Only:

- `cname_name` (String)
- `cname_target` (String)
- `emails` (List of String)
- `http_body` (String)
- `http_url` (String)
- `txt_name` (String)
- `txt_value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_custom_hostname.example 1d5fdc9e88c8a8c4518b068cd94331fe/0d89c70d-ad9f-4843-b99f-6cc0252067e9
```
