---
page_title: "cloudflare_device_posture_integration Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Cloudflare Device Posture Integration resource. Device
  posture integrations configure third-party data providers for device
  posture rules.
---

# cloudflare_device_posture_integration (Resource)

Provides a Cloudflare Device Posture Integration resource. Device
posture integrations configure third-party data providers for device
posture rules.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_device_posture_integration" "example" {
  account_id = "f037e56e89293a057740de681ac9abbe"
  name       = "Device posture integration"
  type       = "workspace_one"
  interval   = "24h"
  config {
    api_url       = "https://example.com/api"
    auth_url      = "https://example.com/connect/token"
    client_id     = "client-id"
    client_secret = "client-secret"
  }
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) The account identifier to target for the resource.
- `name` (String) Name of the device posture integration.
- `type` (String) The device posture integration type. Available values: `workspace_one`, `uptycs`, `crowdstrike_s2s`, `intune`, `kolide`, `sentinelone_s2s`, `tanium_s2s`.

### Optional

- `config` (Block List) The device posture integration's connection authorization parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `identifier` (String)
- `interval` (String) Indicates the frequency with which to poll the third-party API. Must be in the format `1h` or `30m`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `api_url` (String) The third-party API's URL.
- `auth_url` (String) The third-party authorization API URL.
- `client_id` (String) The client identifier for authenticating API calls.
- `client_key` (String, Sensitive) The client key for authenticating API calls.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secret for authenticating API calls.
- `customer_id` (String) The customer identifier for authenticating API calls.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_device_posture_integration.example <account_id>/<device_posture_integration_id>
```
