---
page_title: "cloudflare_dlp_predefined_profile Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_dlp_predefined_profile (Resource)




<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Identifier
- `id` (String) The ID for this profile
- `profile_id` (String) The ID for this profile

### Optional

- `allowed_match_count` (Number) Related DLP policies will trigger when the match count exceeds the number set.
- `context_awareness` (Attributes) Scan the context of predefined entries to only return matches surrounded by keywords. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--context_awareness))
- `entries` (Attributes List) The entries for this profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entries))
- `ocr_enabled` (Boolean) If true, scan images via OCR to determine if any text present matches filters.

### Read-Only

- `name` (String) The name of the profile.
- `type` (String) The type of the profile.

<a id="nestedatt--context_awareness"></a>
### Nested Schema for `context_awareness`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) If true, scan the context of predefined entries to only return matches surrounded by keywords.
- `skip` (Attributes) Content types to exclude from context analysis and return all matches. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--context_awareness--skip))

<a id="nestedatt--context_awareness--skip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `context_awareness.skip`

Required:

- `files` (Boolean) If the content type is a file, skip context analysis and return all matches.



<a id="nestedatt--entries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entries`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the entry is enabled or not.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID for this entry


