---
page_title: "cloudflare_dns_firewall Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_dns_firewall (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_dns_firewall" "example_dns_firewall" {
  account_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  name = "My Awesome DNS Firewall cluster"
  upstream_ips = ["192.0.2.1", "198.51.100.1", "2001:DB8:100::CF"]
  attack_mitigation = {
    enabled = true
    only_when_upstream_unhealthy = false
  }
  deprecate_any_requests = true
  ecs_fallback = false
  maximum_cache_ttl = 900
  minimum_cache_ttl = 60
  negative_cache_ttl = 900
  ratelimit = 600
  retries = 2
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Identifier.
- `name` (String) DNS Firewall cluster name
- `upstream_ips` (Set of String)

### Optional

- `attack_mitigation` (Attributes) Attack mitigation settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attack_mitigation))
- `deprecate_any_requests` (Boolean) Whether to refuse to answer queries for the ANY type
- `ecs_fallback` (Boolean) Whether to forward client IP (resolver) subnet if no EDNS Client Subnet is sent
- `maximum_cache_ttl` (Number) By default, Cloudflare attempts to cache responses for as long as
indicated by the TTL received from upstream nameservers. This setting
sets an upper bound on this duration. For caching purposes, higher TTLs
will be decreased to the maximum value defined by this setting.

This setting does not affect the TTL value in the DNS response
Cloudflare returns to clients. Cloudflare will always forward the TTL
value received from upstream nameservers.
- `minimum_cache_ttl` (Number) By default, Cloudflare attempts to cache responses for as long as
indicated by the TTL received from upstream nameservers. This setting
sets a lower bound on this duration. For caching purposes, lower TTLs
will be increased to the minimum value defined by this setting.

This setting does not affect the TTL value in the DNS response
Cloudflare returns to clients. Cloudflare will always forward the TTL
value received from upstream nameservers.

Note that, even with this setting, there is no guarantee that a
response will be cached for at least the specified duration. Cached
responses may be removed earlier for capacity or other operational
reasons.
- `negative_cache_ttl` (Number) This setting controls how long DNS Firewall should cache negative
responses (e.g., NXDOMAIN) from the upstream servers.

This setting does not affect the TTL value in the DNS response
Cloudflare returns to clients. Cloudflare will always forward the TTL
value received from upstream nameservers.
- `ratelimit` (Number) Ratelimit in queries per second per datacenter (applies to DNS queries sent to the upstream nameservers configured on the cluster)
- `retries` (Number) Number of retries for fetching DNS responses from upstream nameservers (not counting the initial attempt)

### Read-Only

- `dns_firewall_ips` (Set of String)
- `id` (String) Identifier.
- `modified_on` (String) Last modification of DNS Firewall cluster

<a id="nestedatt--attack_mitigation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attack_mitigation`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) When enabled, automatically mitigate random-prefix attacks to protect upstream DNS servers
- `only_when_upstream_unhealthy` (Boolean) Only mitigate attacks when upstream servers seem unhealthy

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_dns_firewall.example '<account_id>/<dns_firewall_id>'
```
