---
page_title: "cloudflare_dns_record Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_dns_record (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_dns_record" "example_dns_record" {
  zone_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  comment = "Domain verification record"
  content = "198.51.100.4"
  name = "example.com"
  proxied = true
  settings = {
    ipv4_only = true
    ipv6_only = true
  }
  tags = ["owner:dns-team"]
  ttl = 3600
  type = "A"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) DNS record name (or @ for the zone apex) in Punycode.
- `ttl` (Number) Time To Live (TTL) of the DNS record in seconds. Setting to 1 means 'automatic'. Value must be between 60 and 86400, with the minimum reduced to 30 for Enterprise zones.
- `type` (String) Record type.
- `zone_id` (String) Identifier

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Comments or notes about the DNS record. This field has no effect on DNS responses.
- `content` (String) A valid IPv4 address.
- `data` (Attributes) Components of a CAA record. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `priority` (Number) Required for MX, SRV and URI records; unused by other record types. Records with lower priorities are preferred.
- `proxied` (Boolean) Whether the record is receiving the performance and security benefits of Cloudflare.
- `settings` (Attributes) Settings for the DNS record. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings))
- `tags` (List of String) Custom tags for the DNS record. This field has no effect on DNS responses.

### Read-Only

- `comment_modified_on` (String) When the record comment was last modified. Omitted if there is no comment.
- `created_on` (String) When the record was created.
- `id` (String) Identifier
- `meta` (String) Extra Cloudflare-specific information about the record.
- `modified_on` (String) When the record was last modified.
- `proxiable` (Boolean) Whether the record can be proxied by Cloudflare or not.
- `tags_modified_on` (String) When the record tags were last modified. Omitted if there are no tags.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Optional:

- `algorithm` (Number) Algorithm.
- `altitude` (Number) Altitude of location in meters.
- `certificate` (String) Certificate.
- `digest` (String) Digest.
- `digest_type` (Number) Digest Type.
- `fingerprint` (String) fingerprint.
- `flags` (Number) Flags for the CAA record.
- `key_tag` (Number) Key Tag.
- `lat_degrees` (Number) Degrees of latitude.
- `lat_direction` (String) Latitude direction.
- `lat_minutes` (Number) Minutes of latitude.
- `lat_seconds` (Number) Seconds of latitude.
- `long_degrees` (Number) Degrees of longitude.
- `long_direction` (String) Longitude direction.
- `long_minutes` (Number) Minutes of longitude.
- `long_seconds` (Number) Seconds of longitude.
- `matching_type` (Number) Matching Type.
- `order` (Number) Order.
- `port` (Number) The port of the service.
- `precision_horz` (Number) Horizontal precision of location.
- `precision_vert` (Number) Vertical precision of location.
- `preference` (Number) Preference.
- `priority` (Number) priority.
- `protocol` (Number) Protocol.
- `public_key` (String) Public Key.
- `regex` (String) Regex.
- `replacement` (String) Replacement.
- `selector` (Number) Selector.
- `service` (String) Service.
- `size` (Number) Size of location in meters.
- `tag` (String) Name of the property controlled by this record (e.g.: issue, issuewild, iodef).
- `target` (String) target.
- `type` (Number) Type.
- `usage` (Number) Usage.
- `value` (String) Value of the record. This field's semantics depend on the chosen tag.
- `weight` (Number) The record weight.


<a id="nestedatt--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings`

Optional:

- `flatten_cname` (Boolean) If enabled, causes the CNAME record to be resolved externally and the resulting address records (e.g., A and AAAA) to be returned instead of the CNAME record itself. This setting is unavailable for proxied records, since they are always flattened.
- `ipv4_only` (Boolean) When enabled, only A records will be generated, and AAAA records will not be created. This setting is intended for exceptional cases. Note that this option only applies to proxied records and it has no effect on whether Cloudflare communicates with the origin using IPv4 or IPv6.
- `ipv6_only` (Boolean) When enabled, only AAAA records will be generated, and A records will not be created. This setting is intended for exceptional cases. Note that this option only applies to proxied records and it has no effect on whether Cloudflare communicates with the origin using IPv4 or IPv6.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_dns_record.example '<zone_id>/<dns_record_id>'
```
