---
page_title: "cloudflare_dns_settings Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_dns_settings (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_dns_settings" "example_dns_settings" {
  zone_id = "zone_id"
  zone_defaults = {
    flatten_all_cnames = false
    foundation_dns = false
    internal_dns = {
      reference_zone_id = "reference_zone_id"
    }
    multi_provider = false
    nameservers = {
      type = "cloudflare.standard"
    }
    ns_ttl = 86400
    secondary_overrides = false
    soa = {
      expire = 604800
      min_ttl = 1800
      mname = "kristina.ns.cloudflare.com"
      refresh = 10000
      retry = 2400
      rname = "admin.example.com"
      ttl = 3600
    }
    zone_mode = "standard"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) The Account ID to use for this endpoint. Mutually exclusive with the Zone ID.
- `zone_defaults` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--zone_defaults))
- `zone_id` (String) The Zone ID to use for this endpoint. Mutually exclusive with the Account ID.

<a id="nestedatt--zone_defaults"></a>
### Nested Schema for `zone_defaults`

Optional:

- `flatten_all_cnames` (Boolean) Whether to flatten all CNAME records in the zone. Note that, due to DNS limitations, a CNAME record at the zone apex will always be flattened.
- `foundation_dns` (Boolean) Whether to enable Foundation DNS Advanced Nameservers on the zone.
- `internal_dns` (Attributes) Settings for this internal zone. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--zone_defaults--internal_dns))
- `multi_provider` (Boolean) Whether to enable multi-provider DNS, which causes Cloudflare to activate the zone even when non-Cloudflare NS records exist, and to respect NS records at the zone apex during outbound zone transfers.
- `nameservers` (Attributes) Settings determining the nameservers through which the zone should be available. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--zone_defaults--nameservers))
- `ns_ttl` (Number) The time to live (TTL) of the zone's nameserver (NS) records.
- `secondary_overrides` (Boolean) Allows a Secondary DNS zone to use (proxied) override records and CNAME flattening at the zone apex.
- `soa` (Attributes) Components of the zone's SOA record. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--zone_defaults--soa))
- `zone_mode` (String) Whether the zone mode is a regular or CDN/DNS only zone.

<a id="nestedatt--zone_defaults--internal_dns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `zone_defaults.internal_dns`

Optional:

- `reference_zone_id` (String) The ID of the zone to fallback to.


<a id="nestedatt--zone_defaults--nameservers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `zone_defaults.nameservers`

Required:

- `type` (String) Nameserver type


<a id="nestedatt--zone_defaults--soa"></a>
### Nested Schema for `zone_defaults.soa`

Required:

- `expire` (Number) Time in seconds of being unable to query the primary server after which secondary servers should stop serving the zone.
- `min_ttl` (Number) The time to live (TTL) for negative caching of records within the zone.
- `mname` (String) The primary nameserver, which may be used for outbound zone transfers.
- `refresh` (Number) Time in seconds after which secondary servers should re-check the SOA record to see if the zone has been updated.
- `retry` (Number) Time in seconds after which secondary servers should retry queries after the primary server was unresponsive.
- `rname` (String) The email address of the zone administrator, with the first label representing the local part of the email address.
- `ttl` (Number) The time to live (TTL) of the SOA record itself.


