---
page_title: "cloudflare_firewall_rule Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_firewall_rule (Resource)



~> `cloudflare_firewall_rule` is in a deprecation phase until June 15th, 2025.
  During this time period, this resource is still
  fully supported but you are strongly advised  to move to the
  `cloudflare_ruleset` resource. Full details can be found in the
  [developer documentation](https://developers.cloudflare.com/waf/reference/migration-guides/firewall-rules-to-custom-rules/#relevant-changes-for-terraform-users).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_firewall_rule" "example_firewall_rule" {
  zone_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  action = {
    mode = "simulate"
    response = {
      body = "<error>This request has been rate-limited.</error>"
      content_type = "text/xml"
    }
    timeout = 86400
  }
  filter = {
    description = "Restrict access from these browsers on this address range."
    expression = "(http.request.uri.path ~ \".*wp-login.php\" or http.request.uri.path ~ \".*xmlrpc.php\") and ip.addr ne 172.16.22.155"
    paused = false
    ref = "FIL-100"
  }
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `action` (Attributes) The action to perform when the threshold of matched traffic within the configured period is exceeded. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action))
- `filter` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))
- `zone_id` (String) Identifier

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) An informative summary of the firewall rule.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the firewall rule.
- `paused` (Boolean) When true, indicates that the firewall rule is currently paused.
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the rule. Optional value used to define the processing order. A lower number indicates a higher priority. If not provided, rules with a defined priority will be processed before rules without a priority.
- `products` (List of String)
- `ref` (String) A short reference tag. Allows you to select related firewall rules.

<a id="nestedatt--action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action`

Optional:

- `mode` (String) The action to perform.
Available values: "simulate", "ban", "challenge", "js_challenge", "managed_challenge".
- `response` (Attributes) A custom content type and reponse to return when the threshold is exceeded. The custom response configured in this object will override the custom error for the zone. This object is optional.
Notes: If you omit this object, Cloudflare will use the default HTML error page. If "mode" is "challenge", "managed_challenge", or "js_challenge", Cloudflare will use the zone challenge pages and you should not provide the "response" object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action--response))
- `timeout` (Number) The time in seconds during which Cloudflare will perform the mitigation action. Must be an integer value greater than or equal to the period.
Notes: If "mode" is "challenge", "managed_challenge", or "js_challenge", Cloudflare will use the zone's Challenge Passage time and you should not provide this value.

<a id="nestedatt--action--response"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action.response`

Optional:

- `body` (String) The response body to return. The value must conform to the configured content type.
- `content_type` (String) The content type of the body. Must be one of the following: `text/plain`, `text/xml`, or `application/json`.



<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `description` (String) An informative summary of the filter.
- `expression` (String) The filter expression. For more information, refer to [Expressions](https://developers.cloudflare.com/ruleset-engine/rules-language/expressions/).
- `paused` (Boolean) When true, indicates that the filter is currently paused.
- `ref` (String) A short reference tag. Allows you to select related filters.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the filter.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_firewall_rule.example '<zone_id>/<rule_id>'
```
