---
page_title: "cloudflare_keyless_certificate Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_keyless_certificate (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_keyless_certificate" "example" {
  zone_id       = "0da42c8d2132a9ddaf714f9e7c920711"
  bundle_method = "ubiquitous"
  name          = "example.com Keyless SSL"
  host          = "example.com"
  port          = 24008
  enabled       = true
  certificate   = "-----INSERT CERTIFICATE-----"
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `certificate` (String) The zone's SSL certificate or SSL certificate and intermediate(s).
- `host` (String) The keyless SSL name.
- `zone_id` (String) Identifier

### Optional

- `bundle_method` (String) A ubiquitous bundle has the highest probability of being verified everywhere, even by clients using outdated or unusual trust stores. An optimal bundle uses the shortest chain and newest intermediates. And the force bundle verifies the chain, but does not otherwise modify it.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not the Keyless SSL is on or off.
- `name` (String) The keyless SSL name.
- `port` (Number) The keyless SSL port used to communicate between Cloudflare and the client's Keyless SSL server.
- `tunnel` (Attributes) Configuration for using Keyless SSL through a Cloudflare Tunnel (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tunnel))

### Read-Only

- `created_on` (String) When the Keyless SSL was created.
- `id` (String) Keyless certificate identifier tag.
- `modified_on` (String) When the Keyless SSL was last modified.
- `permissions` (List of String) Available permissions for the Keyless SSL for the current user requesting the item.
- `status` (String) Status of the Keyless SSL.

<a id="nestedatt--tunnel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tunnel`

Required:

- `private_ip` (String) Private IP of the Key Server Host
- `vnet_id` (String) Cloudflare Tunnel Virtual Network ID

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_keyless_certificate.example <zone_id>/<keyless_certificate_id>
```
