---
page_title: "cloudflare_list Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_list (Resource)



~> The `cloudflare_list` resource supports defining list items in line with the
  `items` attribute. The provider also has a `cloudflare_list_item` resource for
  managing items as independent resources. Using both in line `items` definitions
  _and_ `cloudflare_list_items` on the same list is not supported and will cause
  Terraform into an irreconcilable state.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_list" "example_list" {
  account_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  kind = "ip"
  name = "list1"
  description = "This is a note"

  items = [
    {
      ip = "1.1.1.1"
    },
    {
      ip = "1.1.1.2"
    }
    {
      ip = "1.1.1.3"
    }
  ]
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) The Account ID for this resource.
- `kind` (String) The type of the list. Each type supports specific list items (IP addresses, ASNs, hostnames or redirects).
Available values: "ip", "redirect", "hostname", "asn".
- `name` (String) An informative name for the list. Use this name in filter and rule expressions.

### Optional

- `description` (String) An informative summary of the list.
- `items` (Attributes Set) The items in the list. If set, this overwrites all items in the list. Do not use with `cloudflare_list_item`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

### Read-Only

- `created_on` (String) The RFC 3339 timestamp of when the list was created.
- `id` (String) The unique ID of the list.
- `modified_on` (String) The RFC 3339 timestamp of when the list was last modified.
- `num_items` (Number) The number of items in the list.
- `num_referencing_filters` (Number) The number of [filters](/api/resources/filters/) referencing the list.

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `asn` (Number) A non-negative 32 bit integer
- `comment` (String) An informative summary of the list item.
- `hostname` (Attributes) Valid characters for hostnames are ASCII(7) letters from a to z, the digits from 0 to 9, wildcards (*), and the hyphen (-). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--hostname))
- `ip` (String) An IPv4 address, an IPv4 CIDR, an IPv6 address, or an IPv6 CIDR.
- `redirect` (Attributes) The definition of the redirect. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--redirect))

<a id="nestedatt--items--hostname"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.hostname`

Required:

- `url_hostname` (String)

Optional:

- `exclude_exact_hostname` (Boolean) Only applies to wildcard hostnames (e.g., *.example.com). When true (default), only subdomains are blocked. When false, both the root domain and subdomains are blocked.


<a id="nestedatt--items--redirect"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.redirect`

Required:

- `source_url` (String)
- `target_url` (String)

Optional:

- `include_subdomains` (Boolean)
- `preserve_path_suffix` (Boolean)
- `preserve_query_string` (Boolean)
- `status_code` (Number) Available values: 301, 302, 307, 308.
- `subpath_matching` (Boolean)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_list.example '<account_id>/<list_id>'
```