docs/resources/load_balancer.md, before:

---
layout: "cloudflare"
page_title: "Cloudflare: cloudflare_load_balancer"
description: Provides a Cloudflare Load Balancer resource.
---

# cloudflare_load_balancer

Provides a Cloudflare Load Balancer resource. This sits in front of a number of defined pools of origins and provides various options for geographically-aware load balancing. Note that the load balancing feature must be enabled in your Cloudflare account before you can use this resource.

## Example Usage

```hcl
# Define a load balancer which always points to a pool we define below
# In normal usage, would have different pools set for different pops (cloudflare points-of-presence) and/or for different regions
# Within each pop or region we can define multiple pools in failover order
resource "cloudflare_load_balancer" "bar" {
  zone_id          = "d41d8cd98f00b204e9800998ecf8427e"
  name             = "example-load-balancer.example.com"
  fallback_pool_id = cloudflare_load_balancer_pool.foo.id
  default_pool_ids = [cloudflare_load_balancer_pool.foo.id]
  description      = "example load balancer using geo-balancing"
  proxied          = true
  steering_policy  = "geo"

  pop_pools {
    pop      = "LAX"
    pool_ids = [cloudflare_load_balancer_pool.foo.id]
  }

  country_pools {
    country  = "US"
    pool_ids = [cloudflare_load_balancer_pool.foo.id]
  }

  region_pools {
    region   = "WNAM"
    pool_ids = [cloudflare_load_balancer_pool.foo.id]
  }

  rules {
    name      = "example rule"
    condition = "http.request.uri.path contains \"testing\""
    fixed_response {
      message_body = "hello"
      status_code  = 200
      content_type = "html"
      location     = "www.example.com"
    }
  }
}

resource "cloudflare_load_balancer_pool" "foo" {
  name = "example-lb-pool"
  origins {
    name    = "example-1"
    address = "192.0.2.1"
    enabled = false
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `zone_id` - (Required) The zone ID to add the load balancer to.
- `name` - (Required) The DNS name (FQDN, including the zone) to associate with the load balancer.
- `fallback_pool_id` - (Required) The pool ID to use when all other pools are detected as unhealthy.
- `default_pool_ids` - (Required) A list of pool IDs ordered by their failover priority. Used whenever region/pop pools are not defined.
- `description` - (Optional) Free text description.
- `ttl` - (Optional) Time to live (TTL) of this load balancer's DNS `name`. Conflicts with `proxied` - this cannot be set for proxied load balancers. Default is `30`.
- `steering_policy` - (Optional) Determine which method the load balancer uses to determine the fastest route to your origin. Valid values are: `"off"`, `"geo"`, `"dynamic_latency"`, `"random"`, `"proximity"` or `""`. Default is `""`.
- `proxied` - (Optional) Whether the hostname gets Cloudflare's origin protection. Defaults to `false`.
- `enabled` - (Optional) Enable or disable the load balancer. Defaults to `true` (enabled).
- `region_pools` - (Optional) A set containing mappings of region codes to a list of pool IDs (ordered by their failover priority) for the given region. Fields documented below.
- `country_pools` - (Optional) A set containing mappings of country codes to a list of pool IDs (ordered by their failover priority) for the given country. Fields documented below.
- `pop_pools` - (Optional) A set containing mappings of Cloudflare Point-of-Presence (PoP) identifiers to a list of pool IDs (ordered by their failover priority) for the PoP (datacenter). This feature is only available to enterprise customers. Fields documented below.
- `session_affinity` - (Optional) Associates all requests coming from an end-user with a single origin. Cloudflare will set a cookie on the initial response to the client, such that consequent requests with the cookie in the request will go to the same origin, so long as it is available. Valid values are: `""`, `"none"`, `"cookie"`, and `"ip_cookie"`. Default is `""`.
- `session_affinity_ttl` - (Optional) Time, in seconds, until this load balancers session affinity cookie expires after being created. This parameter is ignored unless a supported session affinity policy is set. The current default of 23 hours will be used unless `session_affinity_ttl` is explicitly set. Once the expiry time has been reached, subsequent requests may get sent to a different origin server. Valid values are between 1800 and 604800.
- `session_affinity_attributes` - (Optional) Configure cookie attributes for session affinity cookie. See the field documentation below.
- `rules` - (Optional) A list of conditions and overrides for each load balancer operation. See the field documentation below.

**region_pools** requires the following:

- `region` - (Required) A region code which must be in the list defined [here](https://developers.cloudflare.com/load-balancing/reference/region-mapping-api/#list-of-load-balancer-regions). Multiple entries should not be specified with the same region.
- `pool_ids` - (Required) A list of pool IDs in failover priority to use in the given region.

**country_pools** requires the following:

- `country` - (Required) A country code which can be determined with the Load Balancing Regions API described [here](https://developers.cloudflare.com/load-balancing/reference/region-mapping-api/). Multiple entries should not be specified with the same country.
- `pool_ids` - (Required) A list of pool IDs in failover priority to use in the given country.

**pop_pools** requires the following:

- `pop` - (Required) A 3-letter code for the Point-of-Presence. Allowed values can be found in the list of datacenters on the [status page](https://www.cloudflarestatus.com/). Multiple entries should not be specified with the same PoP.
- `pool_ids` - (Required) A list of pool IDs in failover priority to use for traffic reaching the given PoP.

**session_affinity_attributes** optionally as the following:

- `samesite` - (Optional) Configures the SameSite attribute on session affinity cookie. Value "Auto" will be translated to "Lax" or "None" depending if Always Use HTTPS is enabled. Note: when using value "None", the secure attribute can not be set to "Never". Valid values: `"Auto"`, `"Lax"`, `"None"` or `"Strict"`.
- `secure` - (Optional) Configures the Secure attribute on session affinity cookie. Value "Always" indicates the Secure attribute will be set in the Set-Cookie header, "Never" indicates the Secure attribute will not be set, and "Auto" will set the Secure attribute depending if Always Use HTTPS is enabled. Valid values: `"Auto"`, `"Always"` or `"Never"`.
- `drain_duration` - (Optional) Configures the drain duration in seconds. This field is only used when session affinity is enabled on the load balancer.

**rules** optionally as the following:

- `name` - (Required) Human readable name for this rule.
- `priority` - (Optional) Priority used when determining the order of rule execution. Lower values are executed first. If not provided list order will be used.
- `disabled` - (Optional) A disabled rule will not be executed.
- `condition` - (Optional) The statement to evaluate to determine if this rules effects should be applied. An empty condition is always true. See [load balancing rules](https://developers.cloudflare.com/load-balancing/understand-basics/load-balancing-rules).
- `terminates` - (Optional) Terminates indicates that if this rule is true no further rules should be executed. Note: setting a fixed_response forces this field to true.
- `overrides` - (Optional) The Load Balancer settings to alter if this rules condition is true. Note: overrides or fixed_response must be set. See the field documentation below.
- `fixed_response` - (Optional) Settings for a HTTP response to return directly to the eyeball if the condition is true. Note: overrides or fixed_response must be set. See the field documentation below.

**overrides** optionally as the following:

- `session_affinity` - (Optional) See field above.
- `session_affinity_ttl` - (Optional) See field above.
- `session_affinity_attributes` - (Optional) See field above.
- `ttl` - (Optional) See field above.
- `steering_policy` - (Optional) See field above.
- `fallback_pool` - (Optional) See fallback_pool_id above.
- `default_pools` - (Optional) See default_pool_ids above.
- `pop_pools` - (Optional) See pop_pools above.
- `country_pools` - (Optional) See country_pools above.
- `region_pools` - (Optional) See region_pools above.

**fixed_response** optionally as the following:

- `message_body` - (Optional) The text used as the html body for this fixed response.
- `status_code` - (Optional) The HTTP status code used for this fixed response.
- `content_type` - (Optional) The value of the HTTP context-type header for this fixed response.
- `location` - (Optional) The value of the HTTP location header for this fixed response.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

- `id` - Unique identifier in the API for the load balancer.
- `created_on` - The RFC3339 timestamp of when the load balancer was created.
- `modified_on` - The RFC3339 timestamp of when the load balancer was last modified.

Commit message:

Add support for LB adaptive_routing, location_strategy, random_steering, and zero_downtime_failover

docs/resources/load_balancer.md, after:

---
layout: "cloudflare"
page_title: "Cloudflare: cloudflare_load_balancer"
description: Provides a Cloudflare Load Balancer resource.
---

# cloudflare_load_balancer

Provides a Cloudflare Load Balancer resource. This sits in front of a number of defined pools of origins and provides various options for geographically-aware load balancing. Note that the load balancing feature must be enabled in your Cloudflare account before you can use this resource.

## Example Usage

```hcl
# Define a load balancer which always points to a pool we define below
# In normal usage, would have different pools set for different pops (cloudflare points-of-presence) and/or for different regions
# Within each pop or region we can define multiple pools in failover order
resource "cloudflare_load_balancer" "bar" {
  zone_id          = "d41d8cd98f00b204e9800998ecf8427e"
  name             = "example-load-balancer.example.com"
  fallback_pool_id = cloudflare_load_balancer_pool.foo.id
  default_pool_ids = [cloudflare_load_balancer_pool.foo.id]
  description      = "example load balancer using geo-balancing"
  proxied          = true
  steering_policy  = "geo"

  pop_pools {
    pop      = "LAX"
    pool_ids = [cloudflare_load_balancer_pool.foo.id]
  }

  country_pools {
    country  = "US"
    pool_ids = [cloudflare_load_balancer_pool.foo.id]
  }

  region_pools {
    region   = "WNAM"
    pool_ids = [cloudflare_load_balancer_pool.foo.id]
  }

  rules {
    name      = "example rule"
    condition = "http.request.uri.path contains \"testing\""
    fixed_response {
      message_body = "hello"
      status_code  = 200
      content_type = "html"
      location     = "www.example.com"
    }
  }
}

resource "cloudflare_load_balancer_pool" "foo" {
  name = "example-lb-pool"
  origins {
    name    = "example-1"
    address = "192.0.2.1"
    enabled = false
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `zone_id` - (Required) The zone ID to add the load balancer to.
- `name` - (Required) The DNS name (FQDN, including the zone) to associate with the load balancer.
- `fallback_pool_id` - (Required) The pool ID to use when all other pools are detected as unhealthy.
- `default_pool_ids` - (Required) A list of pool IDs ordered by their failover priority. Used whenever region/pop pools are not defined.
- `description` - (Optional) Free text description.
- `ttl` - (Optional) Time to live (TTL) of this load balancer's DNS `name`. Conflicts with `proxied` - this cannot be set for proxied load balancers. Default is `30`.
- `steering_policy` - (Optional) Determine which method the load balancer uses to determine the fastest route to your origin. Valid values are: `"off"`, `"geo"`, `"dynamic_latency"`, `"random"`, `"proximity"` or `""`. Default is `""`.
- `proxied` - (Optional) Whether the hostname gets Cloudflare's origin protection. Defaults to `false`.
- `enabled` - (Optional) Enable or disable the load balancer. Defaults to `true` (enabled).
- `region_pools` - (Optional) A set containing mappings of region codes to a list of pool IDs (ordered by their failover priority) for the given region. Fields documented below.
- `country_pools` - (Optional) A set containing mappings of country codes to a list of pool IDs (ordered by their failover priority) for the given country. Fields documented below.
- `pop_pools` - (Optional) A set containing mappings of Cloudflare Point-of-Presence (PoP) identifiers to a list of pool IDs (ordered by their failover priority) for the PoP (datacenter). This feature is only available to enterprise customers. Fields documented below.
- `session_affinity` - (Optional) Associates all requests coming from an end-user with a single origin. Cloudflare will set a cookie on the initial response to the client, such that consequent requests with the cookie in the request will go to the same origin, so long as it is available. Valid values are: `""`, `"none"`, `"cookie"`, and `"ip_cookie"`. Default is `""`.
- `session_affinity_ttl` - (Optional) Time, in seconds, until this load balancers session affinity cookie expires after being created. This parameter is ignored unless a supported session affinity policy is set. The current default of 23 hours will be used unless `session_affinity_ttl` is explicitly set. Once the expiry time has been reached, subsequent requests may get sent to a different origin server. Valid values are between 1800 and 604800.
- `session_affinity_attributes` - (Optional) Configure cookie attributes for session affinity cookie. See the field documentation below.
- `adaptive_routing` - (Optional) Controls features that modify the routing of requests to pools and origins in response to dynamic conditions, such as during the interval between active health monitoring requests. See the field documentation below.
- `location_strategy` - (Optional) Controls location-based steering for non-proxied requests. See the field documentation below.
- `random_steering` - (Optional) Configures pool weights for random steering. When the `steering_policy="random"`, a random pool is selected with probability proportional to these pool weights. See the field documentation below.
- `rules` - (Optional) A list of conditions and overrides for each load balancer operation. See the field documentation below.

**region_pools** requires the following:

- `region` - (Required) A region code which must be in the list defined [here](https://developers.cloudflare.com/load-balancing/reference/region-mapping-api/#list-of-load-balancer-regions). Multiple entries should not be specified with the same region.
- `pool_ids` - (Required) A list of pool IDs in failover priority to use in the given region.

**country_pools** requires the following:

- `country` - (Required) A country code which can be determined with the Load Balancing Regions API described [here](https://developers.cloudflare.com/load-balancing/reference/region-mapping-api/). Multiple entries should not be specified with the same country.
- `pool_ids` - (Required) A list of pool IDs in failover priority to use in the given country.

**pop_pools** requires the following:

- `pop` - (Required) A 3-letter code for the Point-of-Presence. Allowed values can be found in the list of datacenters on the [status page](https://www.cloudflarestatus.com/). Multiple entries should not be specified with the same PoP.
- `pool_ids` - (Required) A list of pool IDs in failover priority to use for traffic reaching the given PoP.

**session_affinity_attributes** optionally as the following:

- `samesite` - (Optional) Configures the SameSite attribute on session affinity cookie. Value "Auto" will be translated to "Lax" or "None" depending if Always Use HTTPS is enabled. Note: when using value "None", the secure attribute can not be set to "Never". Valid values: `"Auto"`, `"Lax"`, `"None"` or `"Strict"`.
- `secure` - (Optional) Configures the Secure attribute on session affinity cookie. Value "Always" indicates the Secure attribute will be set in the Set-Cookie header, "Never" indicates the Secure attribute will not be set, and "Auto" will set the Secure attribute depending if Always Use HTTPS is enabled. Valid values: `"Auto"`, `"Always"` or `"Never"`.
- `drain_duration` - (Optional) Configures the drain duration in seconds. This field is only used when session affinity is enabled on the load balancer.
- `zero_downtime_failover` - (Optional) Configures the zero-downtime failover between origins within a pool when session affinity is enabled. Value "none" means no failover takes place for sessions pinned to the origin. Value "temporary" means traffic will be sent to another other healthy origin until the originally pinned origin is available; note that this can potentially result in heavy origin flapping. Value "sticky" means the session affinity cookie is updated and subsequent requests are sent to the new origin. This feature is currently incompatible with Argo, Tiered Cache, and Bandwidth Alliance. Valid values: `"none"`, `"temporary"` or `"sticky"`. Default is `"none"`.

**adaptive_routing** optionally as the following:

- `failover_across_pools` - (Optional) Extends zero-downtime failover of requests to healthy origins from alternate pools, when no healthy alternate exists in the same pool, according to the failover order defined by traffic and origin steering. When set `false` (the default) zero-downtime failover will only occur between origins within the same pool.

**location_strategy** optionally as the following:

- `prefer_ecs` - (Optional) Whether the EDNS Client Subnet (ECS) GeoIP should be preferred as the authoritative location. Value "always" will always prefer ECS, "never" will never prefer ECS, "proximity" will prefer ECS only when `steering_policy="proximity"`, and "geo" will prefer ECS only when `steering_policy="geo"`. Valid values: `"always"`, `"never"`, `"proximity"`, or `"geo"`. Default is `"proximity"`.
- `mode` - (Optional) Determines the authoritative location when ECS is not preferred, does not exist in the request, or its GeoIP lookup is unsuccessful. Value "pop" will use the Cloudflare PoP location. Value "resolver_ip" will use the DNS resolver GeoIP location. If the GeoIP lookup is unsuccessful, it will use the Cloudflare PoP location. Valid values: `"pop"` or `"resolver_ip"`. Default is `"pop"`.

**random_steering** optionally as the following:

- `pool_weights` - (Optional) A mapping of pool IDs to custom weights. The weight is relative to other pools in the load balancer.
- `default_weight` - (Optional) The default weight for pools in the load balancer that are not specified in the `pool_weights` map.

**rules** optionally as the following:

- `name` - (Required) Human readable name for this rule.
- `priority` - (Optional) Priority used when determining the order of rule execution. Lower values are executed first. If not provided list order will be used.
- `disabled` - (Optional) A disabled rule will not be executed.
- `condition` - (Optional) The statement to evaluate to determine if this rules effects should be applied. An empty condition is always true. See [load balancing rules](https://developers.cloudflare.com/load-balancing/understand-basics/load-balancing-rules).
- `terminates` - (Optional) Terminates indicates that if this rule is true no further rules should be executed. Note: setting a fixed_response forces this field to true.
- `overrides` - (Optional) The Load Balancer settings to alter if this rules condition is true. Note: overrides or fixed_response must be set. See the field documentation below.
- `fixed_response` - (Optional) Settings for a HTTP response to return directly to the eyeball if the condition is true. Note: overrides or fixed_response must be set. See the field documentation below.

**overrides** optionally as the following:

- `session_affinity` - (Optional) See field above.
- `session_affinity_ttl` - (Optional) See field above.
- `session_affinity_attributes` - (Optional) See field above.
- `adaptive_routing` - (Optional) See field above.
- `location_strategy` - (Optional) See field above.
- `random_steering` - (Optional) See field above.
- `ttl` - (Optional) See field above.
- `steering_policy` - (Optional) See field above.
- `fallback_pool` - (Optional) See fallback_pool_id above.
- `default_pools` - (Optional) See default_pool_ids above.
- `pop_pools` - (Optional) See pop_pools above.
- `country_pools` - (Optional) See country_pools above.
- `region_pools` - (Optional) See region_pools above.

**fixed_response** optionally as the following:

- `message_body` - (Optional) The text used as the html body for this fixed response.
- `status_code` - (Optional) The HTTP status code used for this fixed response.
- `content_type` - (Optional) The value of the HTTP context-type header for this fixed response.
- `location` - (Optional) The value of the HTTP location header for this fixed response.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

- `id` - Unique identifier in the API for the load balancer.
- `created_on` - The RFC3339 timestamp of when the load balancer was created.
- `modified_on` - The RFC3339 timestamp of when the load balancer was last modified.
