---
page_title: "cloudflare_magic_wan_gre_tunnel Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_magic_wan_gre_tunnel (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_magic_wan_gre_tunnel" "example_magic_wan_gre_tunnel" {
  account_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  cloudflare_gre_endpoint = "203.0.113.1"
  customer_gre_endpoint = "203.0.113.1"
  interface_address = "192.0.2.0/31"
  name = "GRE_1"
  automatic_return_routing = true
  bgp = {
    customer_asn = 0
    extra_prefixes = ["string"]
    md5_key = "md5_key"
  }
  description = "Tunnel for ISP X"
  health_check = {
    direction = "bidirectional"
    enabled = true
    rate = "low"
    target = {
      saved = "203.0.113.1"
    }
    type = "request"
  }
  interface_address6 = "2606:54c1:7:0:a9fe:12d2:1:200/127"
  mtu = 0
  ttl = 0
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Identifier
- `cloudflare_gre_endpoint` (String) The IP address assigned to the Cloudflare side of the GRE tunnel.
- `customer_gre_endpoint` (String) The IP address assigned to the customer side of the GRE tunnel.
- `interface_address` (String) A 31-bit prefix (/31 in CIDR notation) supporting two hosts, one for each side of the tunnel. Select the subnet from the following private IP space: 10.0.0.0–10.255.255.255, 172.16.0.0–172.31.255.255, 192.168.0.0–192.168.255.255.
- `name` (String) The name of the tunnel. The name cannot contain spaces or special characters, must be 15 characters or less, and cannot share a name with another GRE tunnel.

### Optional

- `automatic_return_routing` (Boolean) True if automatic stateful return routing should be enabled for a tunnel, false otherwise.
- `bgp` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bgp))
- `description` (String) An optional description of the GRE tunnel.
- `health_check` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_check))
- `interface_address6` (String) A 127 bit IPV6 prefix from within the virtual_subnet6 prefix space with the address being the first IP of the subnet and not same as the address of virtual_subnet6. Eg if virtual_subnet6 is 2606:54c1:7:0:a9fe:12d2::/127 , interface_address6 could be 2606:54c1:7:0:a9fe:12d2:1:200/127
- `mtu` (Number) Maximum Transmission Unit (MTU) in bytes for the GRE tunnel. The minimum value is 576.
- `ttl` (Number) Time To Live (TTL) in number of hops of the GRE tunnel.

### Read-Only

- `bgp_status` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bgp_status))
- `created_on` (String) The date and time the tunnel was created.
- `id` (String) Identifier
- `modified_on` (String) The date and time the tunnel was last modified.

<a id="nestedatt--bgp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bgp`

Required:

- `customer_asn` (Number) ASN used on the customer end of the BGP session

Optional:

- `extra_prefixes` (List of String) Prefixes in this list will be advertised to the customer device, in addition to the routes in the Magic routing table.
- `md5_key` (String) MD5 key to use for session authentication.

Note that *this is not a security measure*. MD5 is not a valid security mechanism, and the
key is not treated as a secret value. This is *only* supported for preventing
misconfiguration, not for defending against malicious attacks.

The MD5 key, if set, must be of non-zero length and consist only of the following types of
character:

* ASCII alphanumerics: `[a-zA-Z0-9]`
* Special characters in the set `'!@#$%^&*()+[]{}<>/.,;:_-~`= \|`

In other words, MD5 keys may contain any printable ASCII character aside from newline (0x0A),
quotation mark (`"`), vertical tab (0x0B), carriage return (0x0D), tab (0x09), form feed
(0x0C), and the question mark (`?`). Requests specifying an MD5 key with one or more of
these disallowed characters will be rejected.


<a id="nestedatt--health_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_check`

Optional:

- `direction` (String) The direction of the flow of the healthcheck. Either unidirectional, where the probe comes to you via the tunnel and the result comes back to Cloudflare via the open Internet, or bidirectional where both the probe and result come and go via the tunnel.
Available values: "unidirectional", "bidirectional".
- `enabled` (Boolean) Determines whether to run healthchecks for a tunnel.
- `rate` (String) How frequent the health check is run. The default value is `mid`.
Available values: "low", "mid", "high".
- `target` (Attributes) The destination address in a request type health check. After the healthcheck is decapsulated at the customer end of the tunnel, the ICMP echo will be forwarded to this address. This field defaults to `customer_gre_endpoint address`. This field is ignored for bidirectional healthchecks as the interface_address (not assigned to the Cloudflare side of the tunnel) is used as the target. Must be in object form if the x-magic-new-hc-target header is set to true and string form if x-magic-new-hc-target is absent or set to false. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_check--target))
- `type` (String) The type of healthcheck to run, reply or request. The default value is `reply`.
Available values: "reply", "request".

<a id="nestedatt--health_check--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_check.target`

Optional:

- `saved` (String) The saved health check target. Setting the value to the empty string indicates that the calculated default value will be used.

Read-Only:

- `effective` (String) The effective health check target. If 'saved' is empty, then this field will be populated with the calculated default value on GET requests. Ignored in POST, PUT, and PATCH requests.



<a id="nestedatt--bgp_status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bgp_status`

Read-Only:

- `bgp_state` (String)
- `cf_speaker_ip` (String)
- `cf_speaker_port` (Number)
- `customer_speaker_ip` (String)
- `customer_speaker_port` (Number)
- `state` (String) Available values: "BGP_DOWN", "BGP_UP", "BGP_ESTABLISHING".
- `tcp_established` (Boolean)
- `updated_at` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_magic_wan_gre_tunnel.example '<account_id>/<gre_tunnel_id>'
```


