---
page_title: "cloudflare_notification_policy_webhooks Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_notification_policy_webhooks (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_notification_policy_webhooks" "example" {
  account_id = "f037e56e89293a057740de681ac9abbe"
  name       = "Webhooks destination"
  url        = "https://example.com"
  secret     = "my-secret"
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) The account id
- `name` (String) The name of the webhook destination. This will be included in the request body when you receive a webhook notification.
- `url` (String) The POST endpoint to call when dispatching a notification.

### Optional

- `secret` (String) Optional secret that will be passed in the `cf-webhook-auth` header when dispatching generic webhook notifications or formatted for supported destinations. Secrets are not returned in any API response body.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Timestamp of when the webhook destination was created.
- `errors` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--errors))
- `id` (String) UUID
- `last_failure` (String) Timestamp of the last time an attempt to dispatch a notification to this webhook failed.
- `last_success` (String) Timestamp of the last time Cloudflare was able to successfully dispatch a notification using this webhook.
- `messages` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--messages))
- `result_info` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result_info))
- `success` (Boolean) Whether the API call was successful
- `type` (String) Type of webhook endpoint.

<a id="nestedatt--errors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `errors`

Read-Only:

- `code` (Number)
- `message` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--messages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `messages`

Read-Only:

- `code` (Number)
- `message` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--result_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result_info`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number) Total number of results for the requested service
- `page` (Number) Current page within paginated list of results
- `per_page` (Number) Number of results per page of results
- `total_count` (Number) Total results available without any search parameters

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_notification_policy_webhooks.example <account_id>/<notification_webhook_id>
```
