---
page_title: "cloudflare_queue Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_queue (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_queue" "example_queue" {
  account_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  queue_name = "example-queue"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) A Resource identifier.
- `queue_name` (String)

### Optional

- `settings` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings))

### Read-Only

- `consumers` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumers))
- `consumers_total_count` (Number)
- `created_on` (String)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `modified_on` (String)
- `producers` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--producers))
- `producers_total_count` (Number)
- `queue_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings`

Optional:

- `delivery_delay` (Number) Number of seconds to delay delivery of all messages to consumers.
- `delivery_paused` (Boolean) Indicates if message delivery to consumers is currently paused.
- `message_retention_period` (Number) Number of seconds after which an unconsumed message will be delayed.


<a id="nestedatt--consumers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumers`

Read-Only:

- `consumer_id` (String) A Resource identifier.
- `created_on` (String)
- `queue_id` (String) A Resource identifier.
- `script` (String) Name of a Worker
- `script_name` (String) Name of a Worker
- `settings` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumers--settings))
- `type` (String) Available values: "worker", "http_pull".

<a id="nestedatt--consumers--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumers.settings`

Read-Only:

- `batch_size` (Number) The maximum number of messages to include in a batch.
- `max_concurrency` (Number) Maximum number of concurrent consumers that may consume from this Queue. Set to `null` to automatically opt in to the platform's maximum (recommended).
- `max_retries` (Number) The maximum number of retries
- `max_wait_time_ms` (Number) The number of milliseconds to wait for a batch to fill up before attempting to deliver it
- `retry_delay` (Number) The number of seconds to delay before making the message available for another attempt.
- `visibility_timeout_ms` (Number) The number of milliseconds that a message is exclusively leased. After the timeout, the message becomes available for another attempt.



<a id="nestedatt--producers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `producers`

Read-Only:

- `bucket_name` (String)
- `script` (String)
- `type` (String) Available values: "worker", "r2_bucket".

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_queue.example '<account_id>/<queue_id>'
```
