---
page_title: "cloudflare_r2_bucket_sippy Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_r2_bucket_sippy (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_r2_bucket_sippy" "example_r2_bucket_sippy" {
  account_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  bucket_name = "example-bucket"
  destination = {
    access_key_id = "accessKeyId"
    provider = "r2"
    secret_access_key = "secretAccessKey"
  }
  source = {
    access_key_id = "accessKeyId"
    bucket = "bucket"
    provider = "aws"
    region = "region"
    secret_access_key = "secretAccessKey"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Account ID.
- `bucket_name` (String) Name of the bucket.

### Optional

- `destination` (Attributes) R2 bucket to copy objects to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination))
- `jurisdiction` (String) Jurisdiction of the bucket
- `source` (Attributes) AWS S3 bucket to copy objects from. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source))

### Read-Only

- `enabled` (Boolean) State of Sippy for this bucket.

<a id="nestedatt--destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination`

Optional:

- `access_key_id` (String) ID of a Cloudflare API token.
This is the value labelled "Access Key ID" when creating an API.
token from the [R2 dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/r2/api-tokens).

Sippy will use this token when writing objects to R2, so it is
best to scope this token to the bucket you're enabling Sippy for.
- `cloud_provider` (String) Available values: "r2".
- `secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) Value of a Cloudflare API token.
This is the value labelled "Secret Access Key" when creating an API.
token from the [R2 dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/r2/api-tokens).

Sippy will use this token when writing objects to R2, so it is
best to scope this token to the bucket you're enabling Sippy for.


<a id="nestedatt--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source`

Optional:

- `access_key_id` (String) Access Key ID of an IAM credential (ideally scoped to a single S3 bucket).
- `bucket` (String) Name of the AWS S3 bucket.
- `client_email` (String) Client email of an IAM credential (ideally scoped to a single GCS bucket).
- `cloud_provider` (String) Available values: "aws", "gcs".
- `private_key` (String, Sensitive) Private Key of an IAM credential (ideally scoped to a single GCS bucket).
- `region` (String) Name of the AWS availability zone.
- `secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) Secret Access Key of an IAM credential (ideally scoped to a single S3 bucket).


