---
page_title: "cloudflare_share Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_share (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_share" "example_share" {
  account_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  name = "My Shared WAF Managed Rule"
  recipients = [{
    organization_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
    recipient_account_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  }]
  resources = [{
    meta = {

    }
    resource_account_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
    resource_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
    resource_type = "custom-ruleset"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Account identifier.
- `name` (String) The name of the share.
- `recipients` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--recipients))
- `resources` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources))

### Read-Only

- `account_name` (String) The display name of an account.
- `associated_recipient_count` (Number) The number of recipients in the 'associated' state. This field is only included when requested via the 'include_recipient_counts' parameter.
- `associating_recipient_count` (Number) The number of recipients in the 'associating' state. This field is only included when requested via the 'include_recipient_counts' parameter.
- `created` (String) When the share was created.
- `disassociated_recipient_count` (Number) The number of recipients in the 'disassociated' state. This field is only included when requested via the 'include_recipient_counts' parameter.
- `disassociating_recipient_count` (Number) The number of recipients in the 'disassociating' state. This field is only included when requested via the 'include_recipient_counts' parameter.
- `id` (String) Share identifier tag.
- `kind` (String) Available values: "sent", "received".
- `modified` (String) When the share was modified.
- `organization_id` (String) Organization identifier.
- `status` (String) Available values: "active", "deleting", "deleted".
- `target_type` (String) Available values: "account", "organization".

<a id="nestedatt--recipients"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recipients`

Optional:

- `organization_id` (String) Organization identifier.
- `recipient_account_id` (String) The account that will receive the share.


<a id="nestedatt--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources`

Required:

- `meta` (String) Resource Metadata.
- `resource_account_id` (String) Account identifier.
- `resource_id` (String) Share Resource identifier.
- `resource_type` (String) Resource Type.
Available values: "custom-ruleset", "gateway-policy", "gateway-destination-ip", "gateway-block-page-settings", "gateway-extended-email-matching", "idp-federation-grant".

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_share.example '<account_id>/<share_id>'
```


