---
page_title: "cloudflare_stream_live_input Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_stream_live_input (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_stream_live_input" "example_stream_live_input" {
  account_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  default_creator = "defaultCreator"
  delete_recording_after_days = 45
  meta = {
    name = "test stream 1"
  }
  recording = {
    allowed_origins = ["example.com"]
    hide_live_viewer_count = false
    mode = "off"
    require_signed_urls = false
    timeout_seconds = 0
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Identifier.

### Optional

- `default_creator` (String) Sets the creator ID asssociated with this live input.
- `delete_recording_after_days` (Number) Indicates the number of days after which the live inputs recordings will be deleted. When a stream completes and the recording is ready, the value is used to calculate a scheduled deletion date for that recording. Omit the field to indicate no change, or include with a `null` value to remove an existing scheduled deletion.
- `live_input_identifier` (String) A unique identifier for a live input.
- `meta` (String) A user modifiable key-value store used to reference other systems of record for managing live inputs.
- `recording` (Attributes) Records the input to a Cloudflare Stream video. Behavior depends on the mode. In most cases, the video will initially be viewable as a live video and transition to on-demand after a condition is satisfied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--recording))

### Read-Only

- `created` (String) The date and time the live input was created.
- `modified` (String) The date and time the live input was last modified.
- `rtmps` (Attributes) Details for streaming to an live input using RTMPS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rtmps))
- `rtmps_playback` (Attributes) Details for playback from an live input using RTMPS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rtmps_playback))
- `srt` (Attributes) Details for streaming to a live input using SRT. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--srt))
- `srt_playback` (Attributes) Details for playback from an live input using SRT. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--srt_playback))
- `status` (String) The connection status of a live input.
Available values: "connected", "reconnected", "reconnecting", "client_disconnect", "ttl_exceeded", "failed_to_connect", "failed_to_reconnect", "new_configuration_accepted".
- `uid` (String) A unique identifier for a live input.
- `web_rtc` (Attributes) Details for streaming to a live input using WebRTC. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--web_rtc))
- `web_rtc_playback` (Attributes) Details for playback from a live input using WebRTC. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--web_rtc_playback))

<a id="nestedatt--recording"></a>
### Nested Schema for `recording`

Optional:

- `allowed_origins` (List of String) Lists the origins allowed to display videos created with this input. Enter allowed origin domains in an array and use `*` for wildcard subdomains. An empty array allows videos to be viewed on any origin.
- `hide_live_viewer_count` (Boolean) Disables reporting the number of live viewers when this property is set to `true`.
- `mode` (String) Specifies the recording behavior for the live input. Set this value to `off` to prevent a recording. Set the value to `automatic` to begin a recording and transition to on-demand after Stream Live stops receiving input.
Available values: "off", "automatic".
- `require_signed_urls` (Boolean) Indicates if a video using the live input has the `requireSignedURLs` property set. Also enforces access controls on any video recording of the livestream with the live input.
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) Determines the amount of time a live input configured in `automatic` mode should wait before a recording transitions from live to on-demand. `0` is recommended for most use cases and indicates the platform default should be used.


<a id="nestedatt--rtmps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rtmps`

Read-Only:

- `stream_key` (String, Sensitive) The secret key to use when streaming via RTMPS to a live input.
- `url` (String) The RTMPS URL you provide to the broadcaster, which they stream live video to.


<a id="nestedatt--rtmps_playback"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rtmps_playback`

Read-Only:

- `stream_key` (String, Sensitive) The secret key to use for playback via RTMPS.
- `url` (String) The URL used to play live video over RTMPS.


<a id="nestedatt--srt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `srt`

Read-Only:

- `passphrase` (String, Sensitive) The secret key to use when streaming via SRT to a live input.
- `stream_id` (String) The identifier of the live input to use when streaming via SRT.
- `url` (String) The SRT URL you provide to the broadcaster, which they stream live video to.


<a id="nestedatt--srt_playback"></a>
### Nested Schema for `srt_playback`

Read-Only:

- `passphrase` (String, Sensitive) The secret key to use for playback via SRT.
- `stream_id` (String) The identifier of the live input to use for playback via SRT.
- `url` (String) The URL used to play live video over SRT.


<a id="nestedatt--web_rtc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `web_rtc`

Read-Only:

- `url` (String) The WebRTC URL you provide to the broadcaster, which they stream live video to.


<a id="nestedatt--web_rtc_playback"></a>
### Nested Schema for `web_rtc_playback`

Read-Only:

- `url` (String) The URL used to play live video over WebRTC.


