---
page_title: "cloudflare_tunnel_config Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_tunnel_config (Resource)




<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Cloudflare Account ID.
- `config` (Block Set, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config))
- `tunnel_id` (String) ID of the tunnel.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `ingress_rule` (Block List, Min: 1) Each incoming request received by cloudflared causes cloudflared to send a request to a local service. This section configures the rules that determine which requests are sent to which local services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--ingress_rule))

Optional:

- `origin_request` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--origin_request))
- `warp_routing` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--warp_routing))

<a id="nestedblock--config--ingress_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.ingress_rule`

Required:

- `service` (String)

Optional:

- `hostname` (String)
- `path` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--config--origin_request"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.origin_request`

Optional:

- `bastion_mode` (Boolean) Runs as jump host.
- `ca_pool` (String) Path to the certificate authority (CA) for the certificate of your origin. This option should be used only if your certificate is not signed by Cloudflare. Defaults to `""`.
- `connect_timeout` (String) Timeout for establishing a new TCP connection to your origin server. This excludes the time taken to establish TLS, which is controlled by tlsTimeout. Defaults to `30s`.
- `disable_chunked_encoding` (Boolean) Disables chunked transfer encoding. Useful if you are running a Web Server Gateway Interface (WSGI) server. Defaults to `false`.
- `http_host_header` (String) Sets the HTTP Host header on requests sent to the local service. Defaults to `""`.
- `ip_rules` (Block List) IP rules for the proxy service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--config--origin_request--ip_rules))
- `keep_alive_connections` (Number) Maximum number of idle keepalive connections between Tunnel and your origin. This does not restrict the total number of concurrent connections. Defaults to `100`.
- `keep_alive_timeout` (String) Timeout after which an idle keepalive connection can be discarded. Defaults to `1m30s`.
- `no_happy_eyeballs` (Boolean) Disable the “happy eyeballs” algorithm for IPv4/IPv6 fallback if your local network has misconfigured one of the protocols. Defaults to `false`.
- `no_tls_verify` (Boolean) Disables TLS verification of the certificate presented by your origin. Will allow any certificate from the origin to be accepted. Defaults to `false`.
- `origin_server_name` (String) Hostname that cloudflared should expect from your origin server certificate. Defaults to `""`.
- `proxy_address` (String) cloudflared starts a proxy server to translate HTTP traffic into TCP when proxying, for example, SSH or RDP. This configures the listen address for that proxy. Defaults to `127.0.0.1`.
- `proxy_port` (Number) cloudflared starts a proxy server to translate HTTP traffic into TCP when proxying, for example, SSH or RDP. This configures the listen port for that proxy. If set to zero, an unused port will randomly be chosen. Defaults to `0`.
- `proxy_type` (String) cloudflared starts a proxy server to translate HTTP traffic into TCP when proxying, for example, SSH or RDP. This configures what type of proxy will be started. Valid options are:. Defaults to `""`.
- `tcp_keep_alive` (String) The timeout after which a TCP keepalive packet is sent on a connection between Tunnel and the origin server. Defaults to `30s`.
- `tls_timeout` (String) Timeout for completing a TLS handshake to your origin server, if you have chosen to connect Tunnel to an HTTPS server. Defaults to `10s`.

<a id="nestedblock--config--origin_request--ip_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.origin_request.ip_rules`

Optional:

- `allow` (Boolean)
- `ports` (List of Number)
- `prefix` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--config--warp_routing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.warp_routing`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean)


