---
page_title: "cloudflare_user Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_user (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_user" "example_user" {
  country = "US"
  first_name = "John"
  last_name = "Appleseed"
  telephone = "+1 123-123-1234"
  zipcode = "12345"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `country` (String) The country in which the user lives.
- `first_name` (String) User's first name
- `last_name` (String) User's last name
- `telephone` (String) User's telephone number
- `zipcode` (String) The zipcode or postal code where the user lives.

### Read-Only

- `betas` (List of String) Lists the betas that the user is participating in.
- `has_business_zones` (Boolean) Indicates whether user has any business zones
- `has_enterprise_zones` (Boolean) Indicates whether user has any enterprise zones
- `has_pro_zones` (Boolean) Indicates whether user has any pro zones
- `id` (String) Identifier of the user.
- `organizations` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--organizations))
- `suspended` (Boolean) Indicates whether user has been suspended
- `two_factor_authentication_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether two-factor authentication is enabled for the user account. Does not apply to API authentication.
- `two_factor_authentication_locked` (Boolean) Indicates whether two-factor authentication is required by one of the accounts that the user is a member of.

<a id="nestedatt--organizations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `organizations`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier
- `name` (String) Organization name.
- `permissions` (List of String) Access permissions for this User.
- `roles` (List of String) List of roles that a user has within an organization.
- `status` (String) Whether the user is a member of the organization or has an invitation pending.
Available values: "member", "invited".


