docs/resources/waiting_room.md, before:

---
page_title: "cloudflare_waiting_room Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Cloudflare Waiting Room resource.
---

# cloudflare_waiting_room (Resource)

Provides a Cloudflare Waiting Room resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Waiting Room
resource "cloudflare_waiting_room" "example" {
  zone_id              = "ae36f999674d196762efcc5abb06b345"
  name                 = "foo"
  host                 = "foo.example.com"
  path                 = "/"
  new_users_per_minute = 200
  total_active_users   = 200
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host` (String) Host name for which the waiting room will be applied (no wildcards).
- `name` (String) A unique name to identify the waiting room.
- `new_users_per_minute` (Number) The number of new users that will be let into the route every minute.
- `total_active_users` (Number) The total number of active user sessions on the route at a point in time.
- `zone_id` (String) The zone identifier to target for the resource.

### Optional

- `custom_page_html` (String) This is a templated html file that will be rendered at the edge.
- `default_template_language` (String) The language to use for the default waiting room page. Available values: `de-DE`, `es-ES`, `en-US`, `fr-FR`, `id-ID`, `it-IT`, `ja-JP`, `ko-KR`, `nl-NL`, `pl-PL`, `pt-BR`, `tr-TR`, `zh-CN`, `zh-TW`. Defaults to `en-US`.
- `description` (String) A description to add more details about the waiting room.
- `disable_session_renewal` (Boolean) Disables automatic renewal of session cookies.
- `json_response_enabled` (Boolean) If true, requests to the waiting room with the header `Accept: application/json` will receive a JSON response object.
- `path` (String) The path within the host to enable the waiting room on.
- `queue_all` (Boolean) If queue_all is true, then all traffic will be sent to the waiting room.
- `session_duration` (Number) Lifetime of a cookie (in minutes) set by Cloudflare for users who get access to the origin.
- `suspended` (Boolean) Suspends the waiting room.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `update` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
# Use the Zone ID and Waiting Room ID to import.
$ terraform import cloudflare_waiting_room.default <zone_id>/<waiting_room_id>
```

Commit message:

add waiting_room queueing_method

docs/resources/waiting_room.md, after:

---
page_title: "cloudflare_waiting_room Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Cloudflare Waiting Room resource.
---

# cloudflare_waiting_room (Resource)

Provides a Cloudflare Waiting Room resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Waiting Room
resource "cloudflare_waiting_room" "example" {
  zone_id              = "ae36f999674d196762efcc5abb06b345"
  name                 = "foo"
  host                 = "foo.example.com"
  path                 = "/"
  new_users_per_minute = 200
  total_active_users   = 200
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host` (String) Host name for which the waiting room will be applied (no wildcards).
- `name` (String) A unique name to identify the waiting room.
- `new_users_per_minute` (Number) The number of new users that will be let into the route every minute.
- `total_active_users` (Number) The total number of active user sessions on the route at a point in time.
- `zone_id` (String) The zone identifier to target for the resource.

### Optional

- `custom_page_html` (String) This is a templated html file that will be rendered at the edge.
- `default_template_language` (String) The language to use for the default waiting room page. Available values: `de-DE`, `es-ES`, `en-US`, `fr-FR`, `id-ID`, `it-IT`, `ja-JP`, `ko-KR`, `nl-NL`, `pl-PL`, `pt-BR`, `tr-TR`, `zh-CN`, `zh-TW`. Defaults to `en-US`.
- `description` (String) A description to add more details about the waiting room.
- `disable_session_renewal` (Boolean) Disables automatic renewal of session cookies.
- `json_response_enabled` (Boolean) If true, requests to the waiting room with the header `Accept: application/json` will receive a JSON response object.
- `path` (String) The path within the host to enable the waiting room on.
- `queue_all` (Boolean) If queue_all is true, then all traffic will be sent to the waiting room.
- `queueing_method` (String) The queueing method used by the waiting room. Available values: `fifo`, `random`, `passthrough`, `reject`. Defaults to `fifo`.
- `session_duration` (Number) Lifetime of a cookie (in minutes) set by Cloudflare for users who get access to the origin.
- `suspended` (Boolean) Suspends the waiting room.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `update` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
# Use the Zone ID and Waiting Room ID to import.
$ terraform import cloudflare_waiting_room.default <zone_id>/<waiting_room_id>
```
