---
page_title: "cloudflare_worker_version Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_worker_version (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_worker_version" "example_worker_version" {
  account_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  worker_id = "worker_id"
  annotations = {
    workers_message = "Fixed bug."
    workers_tag = "v1.0.1"
  }
  assets = {
    config = {
      html_handling = "auto-trailing-slash"
      not_found_handling = "404-page"
      run_worker_first = ["string"]
    }
    jwt = "jwt"
  }
  bindings = [{
    name = "MY_ENV_VAR"
    text = "my_data"
    type = "plain_text"
  }]
  compatibility_date = "2021-01-01"
  compatibility_flags = ["nodejs_compat"]
  limits = {
    cpu_ms = 50
  }
  main_module = "index.js"
  migrations = {
    deleted_classes = ["string"]
    new_classes = ["string"]
    new_sqlite_classes = ["string"]
    new_tag = "v2"
    old_tag = "v1"
    renamed_classes = [{
      from = "from"
      to = "to"
    }]
    transferred_classes = [{
      from = "from"
      from_script = "from_script"
      to = "to"
    }]
  }
  modules = [{
    content_file = "dist/index.js"
    content_type = "application/javascript+module"
    name = "index.js"
  }]
  placement = {
    mode = "smart"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Identifier.
- `worker_id` (String) Identifier for the Worker, which can be ID or name.

### Optional

- `annotations` (Attributes) Metadata about the version. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--annotations))
- `assets` (Attributes) Configuration for assets within a Worker.

[`_headers`](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/static-assets/headers/#custom-headers) and
[`_redirects`](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/static-assets/redirects/) files should be
included as modules named `_headers` and `_redirects` with content type `text/plain`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assets))
- `bindings` (Attributes List) List of bindings attached to a Worker. You can find more about bindings on our docs: https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/multipart-upload-metadata/#bindings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bindings))
- `compatibility_date` (String) Date indicating targeted support in the Workers runtime. Backwards incompatible fixes to the runtime following this date will not affect this Worker.
- `compatibility_flags` (Set of String) Flags that enable or disable certain features in the Workers runtime. Used to enable upcoming features or opt in or out of specific changes not included in a `compatibility_date`.
- `limits` (Attributes) Resource limits enforced at runtime. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--limits))
- `main_module` (String) The name of the main module in the `modules` array (e.g. the name of the module that exports a `fetch` handler).
- `migrations` (Attributes) Migrations for Durable Objects associated with the version. Migrations are applied when the version is deployed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--migrations))
- `modules` (Attributes Set) Code, sourcemaps, and other content used at runtime.

This includes [`_headers`](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/static-assets/headers/#custom-headers) and
[`_redirects`](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/static-assets/redirects/) files used to configure 
[Static Assets](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/static-assets/). `_headers` and `_redirects` files should be 
included as modules named `_headers` and `_redirects` with content type `text/plain`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--modules))
- `placement` (Attributes) Placement settings for the version. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--placement))
- `usage_model` (String, Deprecated) Usage model for the version.
Available values: "standard", "bundled", "unbound".

### Read-Only

- `created_on` (String) When the version was created.
- `id` (String) Version identifier.
- `main_script_base64` (String) The base64-encoded main script content. This is only returned for service worker syntax workers (not ES modules). Used when importing existing workers that use the older service worker syntax.
- `number` (Number) The integer version number, starting from one.
- `source` (String) The client used to create the version.
- `startup_time_ms` (Number) Time in milliseconds spent on [Worker startup](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/platform/limits/#worker-startup-time).

<a id="nestedatt--annotations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `annotations`

Optional:

- `workers_message` (String) Human-readable message about the version.
- `workers_tag` (String) User-provided identifier for the version.

Read-Only:

- `workers_triggered_by` (String) Operation that triggered the creation of the version.


<a id="nestedatt--assets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assets`

Optional:

- `config` (Attributes) Configuration for assets within a Worker. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--assets--config))
- `directory` (String) Path to the directory containing asset files to upload.
- `jwt` (String, Sensitive) Token provided upon successful upload of all files from a registered manifest.

Read-Only:

- `asset_manifest_sha256` (String) The SHA-256 hash of the asset manifest of files to upload.

<a id="nestedatt--assets--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assets.config`

Optional:

- `html_handling` (String) Determines the redirects and rewrites of requests for HTML content.
Available values: "auto-trailing-slash", "force-trailing-slash", "drop-trailing-slash", "none".
- `not_found_handling` (String) Determines the response when a request does not match a static asset, and there is no Worker script.
Available values: "none", "404-page", "single-page-application".
- `run_worker_first` (Dynamic) When a boolean true, requests will always invoke the Worker script. Otherwise, attempt to serve an asset matching the request, falling back to the Worker script. When a list of strings, contains path rules to control routing to either the Worker or assets. Glob (*) and negative (!) rules are supported. Rules must start with either '/' or '!/'. At least one non-negative rule must be provided, and negative rules have higher precedence than non-negative rules.



<a id="nestedatt--bindings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bindings`

Required:

- `name` (String) A JavaScript variable name for the binding.
- `type` (String) The kind of resource that the binding provides.
Available values: "ai", "analytics_engine", "assets", "browser", "d1", "data_blob", "dispatch_namespace", "durable_object_namespace", "hyperdrive", "inherit", "images", "json", "kv_namespace", "mtls_certificate", "plain_text", "pipelines", "queue", "r2_bucket", "secret_text", "send_email", "service", "text_blob", "vectorize", "version_metadata", "secrets_store_secret", "secret_key", "workflow", "wasm_module".

Optional:

- `algorithm` (String) Algorithm-specific key parameters. [Learn more](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SubtleCrypto/importKey#algorithm).
- `allowed_destination_addresses` (List of String) List of allowed destination addresses.
- `allowed_sender_addresses` (List of String) List of allowed sender addresses.
- `bucket_name` (String) R2 bucket to bind to.
- `certificate_id` (String) Identifier of the certificate to bind to.
- `class_name` (String) The exported class name of the Durable Object.
- `dataset` (String) The name of the dataset to bind to.
- `destination_address` (String) Destination address for the email.
- `environment` (String) The environment of the script_name to bind to.
- `format` (String) Data format of the key. [Learn more](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SubtleCrypto/importKey#format).
Available values: "raw", "pkcs8", "spki", "jwk".
- `id` (String) Identifier of the D1 database to bind to.
- `index_name` (String) Name of the Vectorize index to bind to.
- `json` (String) JSON data to use.
- `jurisdiction` (String) The [jurisdiction](https://developers.cloudflare.com/r2/reference/data-location/#jurisdictional-restrictions) of the R2 bucket.
Available values: "eu", "fedramp".
- `key_base64` (String, Sensitive) Base64-encoded key data. Required if `format` is "raw", "pkcs8", or "spki".
- `key_jwk` (String, Sensitive) Key data in [JSON Web Key](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SubtleCrypto/importKey#json_web_key) format. Required if `format` is "jwk".
- `namespace` (String) The name of the dispatch namespace.
- `namespace_id` (String) Namespace identifier tag.
- `old_name` (String) The old name of the inherited binding. If set, the binding will be renamed from `old_name` to `name` in the new version. If not set, the binding will keep the same name between versions.
- `outbound` (Attributes) Outbound worker. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bindings--outbound))
- `part` (String) The name of the file containing the data content. Only accepted for `service worker syntax` Workers.
- `pipeline` (String) Name of the Pipeline to bind to.
- `queue_name` (String) Name of the Queue to bind to.
- `script_name` (String) The script where the Durable Object is defined, if it is external to this Worker.
- `secret_name` (String) Name of the secret in the store.
- `service` (String) Name of Worker to bind to.
- `store_id` (String) ID of the store containing the secret.
- `text` (String, Sensitive) The text value to use.
- `usages` (Set of String) Allowed operations with the key. [Learn more](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SubtleCrypto/importKey#keyUsages).
- `version_id` (String) Identifier for the version to inherit the binding from, which can be the version ID or the literal "latest" to inherit from the latest version. Defaults to inheriting the binding from the latest version.
- `workflow_name` (String) Name of the Workflow to bind to.

<a id="nestedatt--bindings--outbound"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bindings.outbound`

Optional:

- `params` (List of String) Pass information from the Dispatch Worker to the Outbound Worker through the parameters.
- `worker` (Attributes) Outbound worker. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bindings--outbound--worker))

<a id="nestedatt--bindings--outbound--worker"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bindings.outbound.worker`

Optional:

- `environment` (String) Environment of the outbound worker.
- `service` (String) Name of the outbound worker.




<a id="nestedatt--limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `limits`

Required:

- `cpu_ms` (Number) CPU time limit in milliseconds.


<a id="nestedatt--migrations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `migrations`

Optional:

- `deleted_classes` (List of String) A list of classes to delete Durable Object namespaces from.
- `new_classes` (List of String) A list of classes to create Durable Object namespaces from.
- `new_sqlite_classes` (List of String) A list of classes to create Durable Object namespaces with SQLite from.
- `new_tag` (String) Tag to set as the latest migration tag.
- `old_tag` (String) Tag used to verify against the latest migration tag for this Worker. If they don't match, the upload is rejected.
- `renamed_classes` (Attributes List) A list of classes with Durable Object namespaces that were renamed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--migrations--renamed_classes))
- `steps` (Attributes List) Migrations to apply in order. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--migrations--steps))
- `transferred_classes` (Attributes List) A list of transfers for Durable Object namespaces from a different Worker and class to a class defined in this Worker. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--migrations--transferred_classes))

<a id="nestedatt--migrations--renamed_classes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `migrations.renamed_classes`

Optional:

- `from` (String)
- `to` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--migrations--steps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `migrations.steps`

Optional:

- `deleted_classes` (List of String) A list of classes to delete Durable Object namespaces from.
- `new_classes` (List of String) A list of classes to create Durable Object namespaces from.
- `new_sqlite_classes` (List of String) A list of classes to create Durable Object namespaces with SQLite from.
- `renamed_classes` (Attributes List) A list of classes with Durable Object namespaces that were renamed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--migrations--steps--renamed_classes))
- `transferred_classes` (Attributes List) A list of transfers for Durable Object namespaces from a different Worker and class to a class defined in this Worker. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--migrations--steps--transferred_classes))

<a id="nestedatt--migrations--steps--renamed_classes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `migrations.steps.renamed_classes`

Optional:

- `from` (String)
- `to` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--migrations--steps--transferred_classes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `migrations.steps.transferred_classes`

Optional:

- `from` (String)
- `from_script` (String)
- `to` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--migrations--transferred_classes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `migrations.transferred_classes`

Optional:

- `from` (String)
- `from_script` (String)
- `to` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--modules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `modules`

Required:

- `content_type` (String) The content type of the module.
- `name` (String) The name of the module.

Optional:

- `content_base64` (String) The base64-encoded module content.
- `content_file` (String) The file path of the module content.

Read-Only:

- `content_sha256` (String) The SHA-256 hash of the module content.


<a id="nestedatt--placement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `placement`

Optional:

- `mode` (String) Placement mode for the version.
Available values: "smart".

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_worker_version.example '<account_id>/<worker_id>/<version_id>'
```


