---
page_title: "cloudflare_zero_trust_dns_location Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_zero_trust_dns_location (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_zero_trust_dns_location" "example_zero_trust_dns_location" {
  account_id = "699d98642c564d2e855e9661899b7252"
  name = "Austin Office Location"
  client_default = false
  dns_destination_ips_id = "0e4a32c6-6fb8-4858-9296-98f51631e8e6"
  ecs_support = false
  endpoints = {
    doh = {
      enabled = true
      networks = [{
        network = "2001:85a3::/64"
      }]
      require_token = true
    }
    dot = {
      enabled = true
      networks = [{
        network = "2001:85a3::/64"
      }]
    }
    ipv4 = {
      enabled = true
    }
    ipv6 = {
      enabled = true
      networks = [{
        network = "2001:85a3::/64"
      }]
    }
  }
  networks = [{
    network = "192.0.2.1/32"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String)
- `name` (String) The name of the location.

### Optional

- `client_default` (Boolean) True if the location is the default location.
- `dns_destination_ips_id` (String) The identifier of the pair of IPv4 addresses assigned to this location. When creating a location, if this field is absent or set with null, the pair of shared IPv4 addresses (0e4a32c6-6fb8-4858-9296-98f51631e8e6) is auto-assigned. When updating a location, if the field is absent or set with null, the pre-assigned pair remains unchanged.
- `ecs_support` (Boolean) True if the location needs to resolve EDNS queries.
- `endpoints` (Attributes) The destination endpoints configured for this location. When updating a location, if this field is absent or set with null, the endpoints configuration remains unchanged. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints))
- `networks` (Attributes List) A list of network ranges that requests from this location would originate from. A non-empty list is only effective if the ipv4 endpoint is enabled for this location. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--networks))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String)
- `dns_destination_ipv6_block_id` (String) The uuid identifier of the IPv6 block brought to the gateway, so that this location's IPv6 address is allocated from the Bring Your Own Ipv6(BYOIPv6) block and not from the standard CloudFlare IPv6 block.
- `doh_subdomain` (String) The DNS over HTTPS domain to send DNS requests to. This field is auto-generated by Gateway.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `ip` (String) IPV6 destination ip assigned to this location. DNS requests sent to this IP will counted as the request under this location. This field is auto-generated by Gateway.
- `ipv4_destination` (String) The primary destination IPv4 address from the pair identified by the dns_destination_ips_id. This field is read-only.
- `ipv4_destination_backup` (String) The backup destination IPv4 address from the pair identified by the dns_destination_ips_id. This field is read-only.
- `updated_at` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints`

Optional:

- `doh` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints--doh))
- `dot` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints--dot))
- `ipv4` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints--ipv4))
- `ipv6` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints--ipv6))

<a id="nestedatt--endpoints--doh"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints.doh`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) True if the endpoint is enabled for this location.
- `networks` (Attributes List) A list of allowed source IP network ranges for this endpoint. When empty, all source IPs are allowed. A non-empty list is only effective if the endpoint is enabled for this location. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints--doh--networks))
- `require_token` (Boolean) True if the endpoint requires [user identity](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/agentless/dns/dns-over-https/#filter-doh-requests-by-user) authentication.

<a id="nestedatt--endpoints--doh--networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints.doh.networks`

Required:

- `network` (String) The IP address or IP CIDR.



<a id="nestedatt--endpoints--dot"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints.dot`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) True if the endpoint is enabled for this location.
- `networks` (Attributes List) A list of allowed source IP network ranges for this endpoint. When empty, all source IPs are allowed. A non-empty list is only effective if the endpoint is enabled for this location. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints--dot--networks))

<a id="nestedatt--endpoints--dot--networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints.dot.networks`

Required:

- `network` (String) The IP address or IP CIDR.



<a id="nestedatt--endpoints--ipv4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints.ipv4`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) True if the endpoint is enabled for this location.


<a id="nestedatt--endpoints--ipv6"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints.ipv6`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) True if the endpoint is enabled for this location.
- `networks` (Attributes List) A list of allowed source IPv6 network ranges for this endpoint. When empty, all source IPs are allowed. A non-empty list is only effective if the endpoint is enabled for this location. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints--ipv6--networks))

<a id="nestedatt--endpoints--ipv6--networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints.ipv6.networks`

Required:

- `network` (String) The IPv6 address or IPv6 CIDR.




<a id="nestedatt--networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `networks`

Required:

- `network` (String) The IPv4 address or IPv4 CIDR. IPv4 CIDRs are limited to a maximum of /24.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_zero_trust_dns_location.example '<account_id>/<location_id>'
```
