---
page_title: "cloudflare_zero_trust_device_default_profile Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_zero_trust_device_default_profile (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_zero_trust_device_default_profile" "example_zero_trust_device_default_profile" {
  account_id = "699d98642c564d2e855e9661899b7252"
  allow_mode_switch = true
  allow_updates = true
  allowed_to_leave = true
  auto_connect = 0
  captive_portal = 180
  disable_auto_fallback = true
  exclude = [{
    address = "192.0.2.0/24"
    description = "Exclude testing domains from the tunnel"
  }]
  exclude_office_ips = true
  include = [{
    address = "192.0.2.0/24"
    description = "Include testing domains in the tunnel"
  }]
  lan_allow_minutes = 30
  lan_allow_subnet_size = 24
  register_interface_ip_with_dns = true
  sccm_vpn_boundary_support = false
  service_mode_v2 = {
    mode = "proxy"
    port = 3000
  }
  support_url = "https://1.1.1.1/help"
  switch_locked = true
  tunnel_protocol = "wireguard"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String)

### Optional

- `allow_mode_switch` (Boolean) Whether to allow the user to switch WARP between modes.
- `allow_updates` (Boolean) Whether to receive update notifications when a new version of the client is available.
- `allowed_to_leave` (Boolean) Whether to allow devices to leave the organization.
- `auto_connect` (Number) The amount of time in seconds to reconnect after having been disabled.
- `captive_portal` (Number) Turn on the captive portal after the specified amount of time.
- `disable_auto_fallback` (Boolean) If the `dns_server` field of a fallback domain is not present, the client will fall back to a best guess of the default/system DNS resolvers unless this policy option is set to `true`.
- `exclude` (Attributes List) List of routes excluded in the WARP client's tunnel. Both 'exclude' and 'include' cannot be set in the same request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--exclude))
- `exclude_office_ips` (Boolean) Whether to add Microsoft IPs to Split Tunnel exclusions.
- `include` (Attributes List) List of routes included in the WARP client's tunnel. Both 'exclude' and 'include' cannot be set in the same request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--include))
- `lan_allow_minutes` (Number) The amount of time in minutes a user is allowed access to their LAN. A value of 0 will allow LAN access until the next WARP reconnection, such as a reboot or a laptop waking from sleep. Note that this field is omitted from the response if null or unset.
- `lan_allow_subnet_size` (Number) The size of the subnet for the local access network. Note that this field is omitted from the response if null or unset.
- `register_interface_ip_with_dns` (Boolean) Determines if the operating system will register WARP's local interface IP with your on-premises DNS server.
- `sccm_vpn_boundary_support` (Boolean) Determines whether the WARP client indicates to SCCM that it is inside a VPN boundary. (Windows only).
- `service_mode_v2` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_mode_v2))
- `support_url` (String) The URL to launch when the Send Feedback button is clicked.
- `switch_locked` (Boolean) Whether to allow the user to turn off the WARP switch and disconnect the client.
- `tunnel_protocol` (String) Determines which tunnel protocol to use.

### Read-Only

- `default` (Boolean) Whether the policy will be applied to matching devices.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the policy will be applied to matching devices.
- `fallback_domains` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--fallback_domains))
- `gateway_unique_id` (String)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--exclude"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exclude`

Optional:

- `address` (String) The address in CIDR format to exclude from the tunnel. If `address` is present, `host` must not be present.
- `description` (String) A description of the Split Tunnel item, displayed in the client UI.
- `host` (String) The domain name to exclude from the tunnel. If `host` is present, `address` must not be present.


<a id="nestedatt--include"></a>
### Nested Schema for `include`

Optional:

- `address` (String) The address in CIDR format to include in the tunnel. If `address` is present, `host` must not be present.
- `description` (String) A description of the Split Tunnel item, displayed in the client UI.
- `host` (String) The domain name to include in the tunnel. If `host` is present, `address` must not be present.


<a id="nestedatt--service_mode_v2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_mode_v2`

Optional:

- `mode` (String) The mode to run the WARP client under.
- `port` (Number) The port number when used with proxy mode.


<a id="nestedatt--fallback_domains"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fallback_domains`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) A description of the fallback domain, displayed in the client UI.
- `dns_server` (List of String) A list of IP addresses to handle domain resolution.
- `suffix` (String) The domain suffix to match when resolving locally.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_zero_trust_device_default_profile.example '<account_id>'
```
