---
page_title: "cloudflare_zero_trust_tunnel_cloudflared Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_zero_trust_tunnel_cloudflared (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_zero_trust_tunnel_cloudflared" "example" {
  account_id = "f037e56e89293a057740de681ac9abbe"
  name       = "my-tunnel"
  secret     = "AQIDBAUGBwgBAgMEBQYHCAECAwQFBgcIAQIDBAUGBwg="
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) Cloudflare account ID
- `name` (String) A user-friendly name for a tunnel.

### Optional

- `config_src` (String) Indicates if this is a locally or remotely configured tunnel. If `local`, manage the tunnel using a YAML file on the origin machine. If `cloudflare`, manage the tunnel on the Zero Trust dashboard.
- `tunnel_secret` (String) Sets the password required to run a locally-managed tunnel. Must be at least 32 bytes and encoded as a base64 string.

### Read-Only

- `account_tag` (String) Cloudflare account ID
- `connections` (Attributes List) The Cloudflare Tunnel connections between your origin and Cloudflare's edge. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connections))
- `conns_active_at` (String) Timestamp of when the tunnel established at least one connection to Cloudflare's edge. If `null`, the tunnel is inactive.
- `conns_inactive_at` (String) Timestamp of when the tunnel became inactive (no connections to Cloudflare's edge). If `null`, the tunnel is active.
- `created_at` (String) Timestamp of when the resource was created.
- `deleted_at` (String) Timestamp of when the resource was deleted. If `null`, the resource has not been deleted.
- `id` (String) UUID of the tunnel.
- `metadata` (String) Metadata associated with the tunnel.
- `remote_config` (Boolean) If `true`, the tunnel can be configured remotely from the Zero Trust dashboard. If `false`, the tunnel must be configured locally on the origin machine.
- `status` (String) The status of the tunnel. Valid values are `inactive` (tunnel has never been run), `degraded` (tunnel is active and able to serve traffic but in an unhealthy state), `healthy` (tunnel is active and able to serve traffic), or `down` (tunnel can not serve traffic as it has no connections to the Cloudflare Edge).
- `tun_type` (String) The type of tunnel.

<a id="nestedatt--connections"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connections`

Read-Only:

- `client_id` (String) UUID of the Cloudflare Tunnel connector.
- `client_version` (String) The cloudflared version used to establish this connection.
- `colo_name` (String) The Cloudflare data center used for this connection.
- `id` (String) UUID of the Cloudflare Tunnel connection.
- `is_pending_reconnect` (Boolean) Cloudflare continues to track connections for several minutes after they disconnect. This is an optimization to improve latency and reliability of reconnecting.  If `true`, the connection has disconnected but is still being tracked. If `false`, the connection is actively serving traffic.
- `opened_at` (String) Timestamp of when the connection was established.
- `origin_ip` (String) The public IP address of the host running cloudflared.
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the Cloudflare Tunnel connection.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_zero_trust_tunnel_cloudflared.example <account_id>/<tunnel_id>
```
