---
page_title: "cloudflare_zero_trust_access_service_token Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_zero_trust_access_service_token (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_zero_trust_access_service_token" "example_zero_trust_access_service_token" {
  name = "CI/CD token"
  zone_id = "zone_id"
  client_secret_version = 0
  duration = "60m"
  previous_client_secret_expires_at = "2014-01-01T05:20:00.12345Z"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the service token.

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) The Account ID to use for this endpoint. Mutually exclusive with the Zone ID.
- `client_secret_version` (Number) A version number identifying the current `client_secret` associated with the service token. Incrementing it triggers a rotation; the previous secret will still be accepted until the time indicated by `previous_client_secret_expires_at`.
- `duration` (String) The duration for how long the service token will be valid. Must be in the format `300ms` or `2h45m`. Valid time units are: ns, us (or µs), ms, s, m, h. Use the literal value `forever` to create a non-expiring token. The default is 1 year in hours (8760h).
- `previous_client_secret_expires_at` (String) The expiration of the previous `client_secret`. This can be modified at any point after a rotation. For example, you may extend it further into the future if you need more time to update services with the new secret; or move it into the past to immediately invalidate the previous token in case of compromise.
- `zone_id` (String) The Zone ID to use for this endpoint. Mutually exclusive with the Account ID.

### Read-Only

- `client_id` (String) The Client ID for the service token. Access will check for this value in the `CF-Access-Client-ID` request header.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The Client Secret for the service token. Access will check for this value in the `CF-Access-Client-Secret` request header.
- `expires_at` (String)
- `id` (String) The ID of the service token.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_zero_trust_access_service_token.example '<{accounts|zones}/{account_id|zone_id}>/<service_token_id>'
```


