---
page_title: "cloudflare_zero_trust_gateway_certificate Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_zero_trust_gateway_certificate (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_zero_trust_gateway_certificate" "example_zero_trust_gateway_certificate" {
  account_id = "699d98642c564d2e855e9661899b7252"
  validity_period_days = 1826
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String)

### Optional

- `activate` (Boolean) Whether to activate the certificate on Cloudflare's edge. When true, the certificate will be activated. When false, the certificate will be deactivated at the edge. This is a Terraform-only field and does not appear in the API response. Monitor `binding_status` for the activation status. Once a certificate is activated, you may use the certificate to intercept traffic
- `validity_period_days` (Number) Sets the certificate validity period in days (range: 1-10,950 days / ~30 years). Defaults to 1,825 days (5 years). **Important**: This field is only settable during the certificate creation.  Certificates becomes immutable after creation - use the `/activate` and `/deactivate` endpoints to manage certificate lifecycle.

### Read-Only

- `binding_status` (String) Indicate the read-only deployment status of the certificate on Cloudflare's edge. Gateway TLS interception can use certificates in the 'available' (previously called 'active') state.
Available values: "pending_deployment", "available", "pending_deletion", "inactive".
- `certificate` (String) Provide the CA certificate (read-only).
- `created_at` (String)
- `expires_on` (String)
- `fingerprint` (String) Provide the SHA256 fingerprint of the certificate (read-only).
- `id` (String) Identify the certificate with a UUID.
- `in_use` (Boolean) Indicate whether Gateway TLS interception uses this certificate (read-only). You cannot set this value directly. To configure interception, use the Gateway configuration setting named `certificate` (read-only).
- `issuer_org` (String) Indicate the organization that issued the certificate (read-only).
- `issuer_raw` (String) Provide the entire issuer field of the certificate (read-only).
- `type` (String) Indicate the read-only certificate type, BYO-PKI (custom) or Gateway-managed.
Available values: "custom", "gateway_managed".
- `updated_at` (String)
- `uploaded_on` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_zero_trust_gateway_certificate.example '<account_id>/<certificate_id>'
```


