---
page_title: "cloudflare_zero_trust_gateway_policy Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_zero_trust_gateway_policy (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_zero_trust_gateway_policy" "example_zero_trust_gateway_policy" {
  account_id = "699d98642c564d2e855e9661899b7252"
  action = "allow"
  name = "block bad websites"
  description = "Block bad websites based on their host name."
  device_posture = "any(device_posture.checks.passed[*] in {\"1308749e-fcfb-4ebc-b051-fe022b632644\"})"
  enabled = true
  expiration = {
    expires_at = "2014-01-01T05:20:20Z"
    duration = 10
  }
  filters = ["http"]
  identity = "any(identity.groups.name[*] in {\"finance\"})"
  precedence = 0
  rule_settings = {
    add_headers = {
      foo = "string"
    }
    allow_child_bypass = false
    audit_ssh = {
      command_logging = false
    }
    biso_admin_controls = {
      copy = "remote_only"
      dcp = false
      dd = false
      dk = false
      download = "enabled"
      dp = false
      du = false
      keyboard = "enabled"
      paste = "enabled"
      printing = "enabled"
      upload = "enabled"
      version = "v1"
    }
    block_page = {
      target_uri = "https://example.com"
      include_context = true
    }
    block_page_enabled = true
    block_reason = "This website is a security risk"
    bypass_parent_rule = false
    check_session = {
      duration = "300s"
      enforce = true
    }
    dns_resolvers = {
      ipv4 = [{
        ip = "2.2.2.2"
        port = 5053
        route_through_private_network = true
        vnet_id = "f174e90a-fafe-4643-bbbc-4a0ed4fc8415"
      }]
      ipv6 = [{
        ip = "2001:DB8::"
        port = 5053
        route_through_private_network = true
        vnet_id = "f174e90a-fafe-4643-bbbc-4a0ed4fc8415"
      }]
    }
    egress = {
      ipv4 = "192.0.2.2"
      ipv4_fallback = "192.0.2.3"
      ipv6 = "2001:DB8::/64"
    }
    ignore_cname_category_matches = true
    insecure_disable_dnssec_validation = false
    ip_categories = true
    ip_indicator_feeds = true
    l4override = {
      ip = "1.1.1.1"
      port = 0
    }
    notification_settings = {
      enabled = true
      include_context = true
      msg = "msg"
      support_url = "support_url"
    }
    override_host = "example.com"
    override_ips = ["1.1.1.1", "2.2.2.2"]
    payload_log = {
      enabled = true
    }
    quarantine = {
      file_types = ["exe"]
    }
    redirect = {
      target_uri = "https://example.com"
      include_context = true
      preserve_path_and_query = true
    }
    resolve_dns_internally = {
      fallback = "none"
      view_id = "view_id"
    }
    resolve_dns_through_cloudflare = true
    untrusted_cert = {
      action = "error"
    }
  }
  schedule = {
    fri = "08:00-12:30,13:30-17:00"
    mon = "08:00-12:30,13:30-17:00"
    sat = "08:00-12:30,13:30-17:00"
    sun = "08:00-12:30,13:30-17:00"
    thu = "08:00-12:30,13:30-17:00"
    time_zone = "America/New York"
    tue = "08:00-12:30,13:30-17:00"
    wed = "08:00-12:30,13:30-17:00"
  }
  traffic = "http.request.uri matches \".*a/partial/uri.*\" and http.request.host in $01302951-49f9-47c9-a400-0297e60b6a10"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String)
- `action` (String) The action to preform when the associated traffic, identity, and device posture expressions are either absent or evaluate to `true`.
Available values: "on", "off", "allow", "block", "scan", "noscan", "safesearch", "ytrestricted", "isolate", "noisolate", "override", "l4_override", "egress", "resolve", "quarantine", "redirect".
- `name` (String) The name of the rule.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the rule.
- `device_posture` (String) The wirefilter expression used for device posture check matching.
- `enabled` (Boolean) True if the rule is enabled.
- `expiration` (Attributes) The expiration time stamp and default duration of a DNS policy. Takes
precedence over the policy's `schedule` configuration, if any.

This does not apply to HTTP or network policies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--expiration))
- `filters` (List of String) The protocol or layer to evaluate the traffic, identity, and device posture expressions.
- `identity` (String) The wirefilter expression used for identity matching.
- `precedence` (Number) Precedence sets the order of your rules. Lower values indicate higher precedence. At each processing phase, applicable rules are evaluated in ascending order of this value. Refer to [Order of enforcement](http://developers.cloudflare.com/learning-paths/secure-internet-traffic/understand-policies/order-of-enforcement/#manage-precedence-with-terraform) docs on how to manage precedence via Terraform.
- `rule_settings` (Attributes) Additional settings that modify the rule's action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule_settings))
- `schedule` (Attributes) The schedule for activating DNS policies. This does not apply to HTTP or network policies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule))
- `traffic` (String) The wirefilter expression used for traffic matching.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String)
- `deleted_at` (String) Date of deletion, if any.
- `id` (String) The API resource UUID.
- `updated_at` (String)
- `version` (Number) version number of the rule

<a id="nestedatt--expiration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `expiration`

Required:

- `expires_at` (String) The time stamp at which the policy will expire and cease to be
applied.

Must adhere to RFC 3339 and include a UTC offset. Non-zero
offsets are accepted but will be converted to the equivalent
value with offset zero (UTC+00:00) and will be returned as time
stamps with offset zero denoted by a trailing 'Z'.

Policies with an expiration do not consider the timezone of
clients they are applied to, and expire "globally" at the point
given by their `expires_at` value.

Optional:

- `duration` (Number) The default duration a policy will be active in minutes. Must be set in order to use the `reset_expiration` endpoint on this rule.

Read-Only:

- `expired` (Boolean) Whether the policy has expired.


<a id="nestedatt--rule_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_settings`

Optional:

- `add_headers` (Map of String) Add custom headers to allowed requests, in the form of key-value pairs. Keys are header names, pointing to an array with its header value(s).
- `allow_child_bypass` (Boolean) Set by parent MSP accounts to enable their children to bypass this rule.
- `audit_ssh` (Attributes) Settings for the Audit SSH action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule_settings--audit_ssh))
- `biso_admin_controls` (Attributes) Configure how browser isolation behaves. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule_settings--biso_admin_controls))
- `block_page` (Attributes) Custom block page settings. If missing/null, blocking will use the the account settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule_settings--block_page))
- `block_page_enabled` (Boolean) Enable the custom block page.
- `block_reason` (String) The text describing why this block occurred, displayed on the custom block page (if enabled).
- `bypass_parent_rule` (Boolean) Set by children MSP accounts to bypass their parent's rules.
- `check_session` (Attributes) Configure how session check behaves. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule_settings--check_session))
- `dns_resolvers` (Attributes) Add your own custom resolvers to route queries that match the resolver policy. Cannot be used when 'resolve_dns_through_cloudflare' or 'resolve_dns_internally' are set. DNS queries will route to the address closest to their origin. Only valid when a rule's action is set to 'resolve'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule_settings--dns_resolvers))
- `egress` (Attributes) Configure how Gateway Proxy traffic egresses. You can enable this setting for rules with Egress actions and filters, or omit it to indicate local egress via WARP IPs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule_settings--egress))
- `ignore_cname_category_matches` (Boolean) Set to true, to ignore the category matches at CNAME domains in a response. If unchecked, the categories in this rule will be checked against all the CNAME domain categories in a response.
- `insecure_disable_dnssec_validation` (Boolean) INSECURE - disable DNSSEC validation (for Allow actions).
- `ip_categories` (Boolean) Set to true to enable IPs in DNS resolver category blocks. By default categories only block based on domain names.
- `ip_indicator_feeds` (Boolean) Set to true to include IPs in DNS resolver indicator feed blocks. By default indicator feeds only block based on domain names.
- `l4override` (Attributes) Send matching traffic to the supplied destination IP address and port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule_settings--l4override))
- `notification_settings` (Attributes) Configure a notification to display on the user's device when this rule is matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule_settings--notification_settings))
- `override_host` (String) Override matching DNS queries with a hostname.
- `override_ips` (List of String) Override matching DNS queries with an IP or set of IPs.
- `payload_log` (Attributes) Configure DLP payload logging. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule_settings--payload_log))
- `quarantine` (Attributes) Settings that apply to quarantine rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule_settings--quarantine))
- `redirect` (Attributes) Settings that apply to redirect rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule_settings--redirect))
- `resolve_dns_internally` (Attributes) Configure to forward the query to the internal DNS service, passing the specified 'view_id' as input. Cannot be set when 'dns_resolvers' are specified or 'resolve_dns_through_cloudflare' is set. Only valid when a rule's action is set to 'resolve'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule_settings--resolve_dns_internally))
- `resolve_dns_through_cloudflare` (Boolean) Enable to send queries that match the policy to Cloudflare's default 1.1.1.1 DNS resolver. Cannot be set when 'dns_resolvers' are specified or 'resolve_dns_internally' is set. Only valid when a rule's action is set to 'resolve'.
- `untrusted_cert` (Attributes) Configure behavior when an upstream cert is invalid or an SSL error occurs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule_settings--untrusted_cert))

<a id="nestedatt--rule_settings--audit_ssh"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_settings.audit_ssh`

Optional:

- `command_logging` (Boolean) Enable to turn on SSH command logging.


<a id="nestedatt--rule_settings--biso_admin_controls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_settings.biso_admin_controls`

Optional:

- `copy` (String) Configure whether copy is enabled or not. When set with "remote_only", copying isolated content from the remote browser to the user's local clipboard is disabled. When absent, copy is enabled. Only applies when `version == "v2"`.
Available values: "enabled", "disabled", "remote_only".
- `dcp` (Boolean) Set to false to enable copy-pasting. Only applies when `version == "v1"`.
- `dd` (Boolean) Set to false to enable downloading. Only applies when `version == "v1"`.
- `dk` (Boolean) Set to false to enable keyboard usage. Only applies when `version == "v1"`.
- `download` (String) Configure whether downloading enabled or not. When absent, downloading is enabled. Only applies when `version == "v2"`.
Available values: "enabled", "disabled".
- `dp` (Boolean) Set to false to enable printing. Only applies when `version == "v1"`.
- `du` (Boolean) Set to false to enable uploading. Only applies when `version == "v1"`.
- `keyboard` (String) Configure whether keyboard usage is enabled or not. When absent, keyboard usage is enabled. Only applies when `version == "v2"`.
Available values: "enabled", "disabled".
- `paste` (String) Configure whether pasting is enabled or not. When set with "remote_only", pasting content from the user's local clipboard into isolated pages is disabled. When absent, paste is enabled. Only applies when `version == "v2"`.
Available values: "enabled", "disabled", "remote_only".
- `printing` (String) Configure whether printing is enabled or not. When absent, printing is enabled. Only applies when `version == "v2"`.
Available values: "enabled", "disabled".
- `upload` (String) Configure whether uploading is enabled or not. When absent, uploading is enabled. Only applies when `version == "v2"`.
Available values: "enabled", "disabled".
- `version` (String) Indicates which version of the browser isolation controls should apply.
Available values: "v1", "v2".


<a id="nestedatt--rule_settings--block_page"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_settings.block_page`

Required:

- `target_uri` (String) URI to which the user will be redirected

Optional:

- `include_context` (Boolean) If true, context information will be passed as query parameters


<a id="nestedatt--rule_settings--check_session"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_settings.check_session`

Optional:

- `duration` (String) Configure how fresh the session needs to be to be considered valid.
- `enforce` (Boolean) Set to true to enable session enforcement.


<a id="nestedatt--rule_settings--dns_resolvers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_settings.dns_resolvers`

Optional:

- `ipv4` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule_settings--dns_resolvers--ipv4))
- `ipv6` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule_settings--dns_resolvers--ipv6))

<a id="nestedatt--rule_settings--dns_resolvers--ipv4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_settings.dns_resolvers.ipv4`

Required:

- `ip` (String) IPv4 address of upstream resolver.

Optional:

- `port` (Number) A port number to use for upstream resolver. Defaults to 53 if unspecified.
- `route_through_private_network` (Boolean) Whether to connect to this resolver over a private network. Must be set when vnet_id is set.
- `vnet_id` (String) Optionally specify a virtual network for this resolver. Uses default virtual network id if omitted.


<a id="nestedatt--rule_settings--dns_resolvers--ipv6"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_settings.dns_resolvers.ipv6`

Required:

- `ip` (String) IPv6 address of upstream resolver.

Optional:

- `port` (Number) A port number to use for upstream resolver. Defaults to 53 if unspecified.
- `route_through_private_network` (Boolean) Whether to connect to this resolver over a private network. Must be set when vnet_id is set.
- `vnet_id` (String) Optionally specify a virtual network for this resolver. Uses default virtual network id if omitted.



<a id="nestedatt--rule_settings--egress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_settings.egress`

Optional:

- `ipv4` (String) The IPv4 address to be used for egress.
- `ipv4_fallback` (String) The fallback IPv4 address to be used for egress in the event of an error egressing with the primary IPv4. Can be '0.0.0.0' to indicate local egress via WARP IPs.
- `ipv6` (String) The IPv6 range to be used for egress.


<a id="nestedatt--rule_settings--l4override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_settings.l4override`

Optional:

- `ip` (String) IPv4 or IPv6 address.
- `port` (Number) A port number to use for TCP/UDP overrides.


<a id="nestedatt--rule_settings--notification_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_settings.notification_settings`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Set notification on
- `include_context` (Boolean) If true, context information will be passed as query parameters
- `msg` (String) Customize the message shown in the notification.
- `support_url` (String) Optional URL to direct users to additional information. If not set, the notification will open a block page.


<a id="nestedatt--rule_settings--payload_log"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_settings.payload_log`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Set to true to enable DLP payload logging for this rule.


<a id="nestedatt--rule_settings--quarantine"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_settings.quarantine`

Optional:

- `file_types` (List of String) Types of files to sandbox.


<a id="nestedatt--rule_settings--redirect"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_settings.redirect`

Required:

- `target_uri` (String) URI to which the user will be redirected

Optional:

- `include_context` (Boolean) If true, context information will be passed as query parameters
- `preserve_path_and_query` (Boolean) If true, the path and query parameters from the original request will be appended to target_uri


<a id="nestedatt--rule_settings--resolve_dns_internally"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_settings.resolve_dns_internally`

Optional:

- `fallback` (String) The fallback behavior to apply when the internal DNS response code is different from 'NOERROR' or when the response data only contains CNAME records for 'A' or 'AAAA' queries.
Available values: "none", "public_dns".
- `view_id` (String) The internal DNS view identifier that's passed to the internal DNS service.


<a id="nestedatt--rule_settings--untrusted_cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_settings.untrusted_cert`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The action performed when an untrusted certificate is seen. The default action is an error with HTTP code 526.
Available values: "pass_through", "block", "error".



<a id="nestedatt--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule`

Optional:

- `fri` (String) The time intervals when the rule will be active on Fridays, in increasing order from 00:00-24:00.  If this parameter is omitted, the rule will be deactivated on Fridays.
- `mon` (String) The time intervals when the rule will be active on Mondays, in increasing order from 00:00-24:00. If this parameter is omitted, the rule will be deactivated on Mondays.
- `sat` (String) The time intervals when the rule will be active on Saturdays, in increasing order from 00:00-24:00.  If this parameter is omitted, the rule will be deactivated on Saturdays.
- `sun` (String) The time intervals when the rule will be active on Sundays, in increasing order from 00:00-24:00. If this parameter is omitted, the rule will be deactivated on Sundays.
- `thu` (String) The time intervals when the rule will be active on Thursdays, in increasing order from 00:00-24:00. If this parameter is omitted, the rule will be deactivated on Thursdays.
- `time_zone` (String) The time zone the rule will be evaluated against. If a [valid time zone city name](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones#List) is provided, Gateway will always use the current time at that time zone. If this parameter is omitted, then Gateway will use the time zone inferred from the user's source IP to evaluate the rule. If Gateway cannot determine the time zone from the IP, we will fall back to the time zone of the user's connected data center.
- `tue` (String) The time intervals when the rule will be active on Tuesdays, in increasing order from 00:00-24:00. If this parameter is omitted, the rule will be deactivated on Tuesdays.
- `wed` (String) The time intervals when the rule will be active on Wednesdays, in increasing order from 00:00-24:00. If this parameter is omitted, the rule will be deactivated on Wednesdays.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_zero_trust_gateway_policy.example '<account_id>/<rule_id>'
```
