---
page_title: "cloudflare_zone_subscription Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_zone_subscription (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_zone_subscription" "example_zone_subscription" {
  zone_id = "506e3185e9c882d175a2d0cb0093d9f2"
  frequency = "monthly"
  rate_plan = {
    id = "free"
    currency = "USD"
    externally_managed = false
    is_contract = false
    public_name = "Business Plan"
    scope = "zone"
    sets = ["string"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `zone_id` (String) Subscription identifier tag.

### Optional

- `frequency` (String) How often the subscription is renewed automatically.
Available values: "weekly", "monthly", "quarterly", "yearly".
- `rate_plan` (Attributes) The rate plan applied to the subscription. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_plan))

### Read-Only

- `currency` (String) The monetary unit in which pricing information is displayed.
- `current_period_end` (String) The end of the current period and also when the next billing is due.
- `current_period_start` (String) When the current billing period started. May match initial_period_start if this is the first period.
- `id` (String) Subscription identifier tag.
- `price` (Number) The price of the subscription that will be billed, in US dollars.
- `state` (String) The state that the subscription is in.
Available values: "Trial", "Provisioned", "Paid", "AwaitingPayment", "Cancelled", "Failed", "Expired".

<a id="nestedatt--rate_plan"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_plan`

Optional:

- `currency` (String) The currency applied to the rate plan subscription.
- `externally_managed` (Boolean) Whether this rate plan is managed externally from Cloudflare.
- `id` (String) The ID of the rate plan.
Available values: "free", "lite", "pro", "pro_plus", "business", "enterprise", "partners_free", "partners_pro", "partners_business", "partners_enterprise".
- `is_contract` (Boolean) Whether a rate plan is enterprise-based (or newly adopted term contract).
- `public_name` (String) The full name of the rate plan.
- `scope` (String) The scope that this rate plan applies to.
- `sets` (List of String) The list of sets this rate plan applies to.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_zone_subscription.example '<zone_id>'
```
