---
page_title: "cloudflare_zone_cache_variants Resource - Cloudflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudflare_zone_cache_variants (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cloudflare_zone_cache_variants" "example_zone_cache_variants" {
  zone_id = "023e105f4ecef8ad9ca31a8372d0c353"
  value = {
    avif = ["image/webp", "image/jpeg"]
    bmp = ["image/webp", "image/jpeg"]
    gif = ["image/webp", "image/jpeg"]
    jp2 = ["image/webp", "image/avif"]
    jpeg = ["image/webp", "image/avif"]
    jpg = ["image/webp", "image/avif"]
    jpg2 = ["image/webp", "image/avif"]
    png = ["image/webp", "image/avif"]
    tif = ["image/webp", "image/avif"]
    tiff = ["image/webp", "image/avif"]
    webp = ["image/jpeg", "image/avif"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `value` (Attributes) Value of the zone setting. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--value))
- `zone_id` (String) Identifier

### Read-Only

- `editable` (Boolean) Whether the setting is editable
- `id` (String) Identifier
- `modified_on` (String) Last time this setting was modified.

<a id="nestedatt--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `value`

Optional:

- `avif` (List of String) List of strings with the MIME types of all the variants that should be served for avif.
- `bmp` (List of String) List of strings with the MIME types of all the variants that should be served for bmp.
- `gif` (List of String) List of strings with the MIME types of all the variants that should be served for gif.
- `jp2` (List of String) List of strings with the MIME types of all the variants that should be served for jp2.
- `jpeg` (List of String) List of strings with the MIME types of all the variants that should be served for jpeg.
- `jpg` (List of String) List of strings with the MIME types of all the variants that should be served for jpg.
- `jpg2` (List of String) List of strings with the MIME types of all the variants that should be served for jpg2.
- `png` (List of String) List of strings with the MIME types of all the variants that should be served for png.
- `tif` (List of String) List of strings with the MIME types of all the variants that should be served for tif.
- `tiff` (List of String) List of strings with the MIME types of all the variants that should be served for tiff.
- `webp` (List of String) List of strings with the MIME types of all the variants that should be served for webp.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import cloudflare_zone_cache_variants.example '<zone_id>'
```
